""
""
""
 Love the group picture
 Haha that chat pic
" Yeah, haha couldn't resist using it"
 Really looks like it could be a meme
""
 LOL love the photo
 Ahh booyah haha
""
""
 
 Hahaha
 Amazing
 Paid 99 cents to upgrade my caption app to get white lettering. Totally worth it
 Yeah that pretty much paid for itself
 Loool
 Money well spent
 Haha this is awesome
 
 Haha awesome
 
 Haha all those existentially tortured unicellular organisms
 http://open.spotify.com/album/6vCUExzzSzIhykA7FBwB3t
 I love that band's name. Perfectly chosen
 
 Best hashtag
 The girly cursive really makes it haha
 Haha nice
 So many commercials on tv for website building and marketing services. But the real question is can their CEO freestyle in a Scottish accent?
 Hahaha
 They sure can't
 That'll be the deal breaker question in rfp's for web designers. 'Oh you can't spit bars over this beat...gtfo.'
 Spent what seemed like hours going through sas files and taking notes..... Then I woke up. Worst type of dream.
 Life is bullshit man
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ogXONbN_2To
 And then the case I helped carefully assemble...A group of auditors just ran a three p train on it.
 Gettin three-p'ed any god damn way
 But did they flip the dick down?
" Their team was methodical. Though they gave weak responses to some counters, they were in the position of power and they def flipped the dick down. Wouldn't have been surprise if I heard a bunch of hype men in the background of the conference call."
 Made me remember... In life you're either getting fucked in the ass or fucking people in the ass. Choose a position..... I might make my next job with the government regulators
 3Ps are seriously the way to go if you want a cushy ass job. Basically the authority/benefit of a government job with the pay of a private consultant
" Sometimes you have to work hard, but when you do, it's usually to shut down the studio"
 Yeah rolling up in places and screaming 'prepare to be fucked by the long dick of the law.' I need to get in on this consultant/regulatory train.
" Hahaha heavy booyah referencing today, awesome"
 So for labor day what foods should we bring? I still got that turkey in deep freeze and can always murk Meatman for more variety.
 Sea dogs anyone?
 Better get a keg of that raspberry beer to add to the bar
 Pretty sure showing up with a keg of sea dog would earn me a permanent ban from Alex's place. Though it would beg the question who would ever drink that much sea dog to warrant retailing of bulk quantities.
 Wait. Probably the girls impressed with my purchase of the sampler.
 Haha I remember that
" Haha I just talked with my mom and she said she can get stuff to grill for dinner and she has a ton of eggs from the neighbors. Other than that if you guys wanted to bring stuff for lunch like cold cuts, bread, etc. and other stuff to go with eggs for breakfast like bagels and whatnot, that would be cool. Also some snacks and and a water bottle or two for hiking could be good."
 Yeah a hiking snack besides almonds would be good. Would the turkey be doable?
" If you're going to bring it, you should probably start thawing it in the fridge. It'd be doable if thawed"
 Yep I'll start that tonight. Or me and Jim can do fast faucet thingamajig defrost like our previous turkey cooking adventures.
" Haha probably better to just start thawing tonight, faucet defrost was less than optimal"
 I'll get some fancy Italian cold cuts.  Get some prosciutto up in this bitch
 Sopressata is the way to go dude. Trust
 Also do we have methods for cooking turkey?
" Yeah, I just asked my mom if it would be possible and she said definitely"
 Aw sheeeit... We're gonna get so weird.
 
 Haha
 Gonna go 'ape shit'
 Better start looking up good ways to cook this bad boy
 I'm thinking combo overnight brine and butter/herbs under the skin
 Awww Jim you nasty
 That picture lol. Had to mute the phone to laugh during a doctor call.
 Hey Dave do you think the turkey is still good to eat? Not sure what a year of freezer storage does to meats
 
 Google says it should be ok
 Lol it might be on the cusp
 Should be I've checked and its did for 9 months to a year
 Hey we could always pull a bear grylls on a hike
 Oh Jesus haha
 Lol just lie back and think of England
 'So sorry... Oh argh uh... So sorry'
 Lmao
 Well I've had food poisoning 3 times now so I'm practically an expert.  I'll help us all through it if that should befall is
 us*
 
 Felt like it was again germane to the convo
 I'll bring some backup meat just in case the turkey turns into Shaq attacks on the backboard.
 When exactly did you get that turkey?
 November....
 Was it fresh when you got it or was it frozen?
 Frozen always
 We should be ok then
 I mean the turkey may have been frozen for a while before then right?
 How long does frozen food hang around at costco
 Eh its probably fine
 10-11 months frozen
" According to the interwebs the one year limit is for quality of taste, not safety."
" So we shouldn't have to worry about vommitting out of our assholes, hopefully"
 These were from the Thanksgiving season. They were a special batch for employees.
 
 Is that cloudy J having her period? Haha
 Rejected cartoons by Don Hertzfeldt
 Watch 'Rejected - Don Hertzfeldt' on YouTube - https://youtu.be/9l7sxPLhOQk
 Ooh yeah I remember that haha
 So I'm running a program called analyst at work. I was looking over old run logs and couldn't help but laugh
 
 IT is gonna seize your hard drive lol
 All these prn files on the network drive
 Fappin on the job again
 Damn that's a lot of anal prn
 
 
 Lol
" Here's the trail guide for hiking Killington, could be good http://www.killington.com/site/mountain/trail_map/hiking/S15_TrailMap_Hike_web.pdf"
 There's also the healdville trail that goes up Okemo
 http://www.vtstateparks.com/pdfs/okemo_sf_trails.pdf
 Here's some other ones near okemo
""
" Haha just noticed that in the last link, the hike that we did last time is listed as 'aggressive'"
" This one goes by some sweet cliffs, about 2.5h round trip "
""
 About a half hour drive from ludlow
 2.5 hour round trip sounds good. Not 3 hours one way.
 Haha nice
 Yeah 2.5 hours is solid
" Haha yeah, full disclosure, it does involve doing over 1000 vertical ft. I figure though that if it gets strenuous, it won't be like we're in a rush, so we could take our time, have snacks and rests and stuff"
 1000 ft is nothing
" The hikes I did out west were about 2500ft, 3-4 hrs"
 Yeah we're gonna clown all over this trail
 This will be nice for my hiking resume.
 We'll take some photos so you can pimp out your Okc profile
" Sorry xzibit, but i already shut down the okc profile."
" Nothing like having a meeting with the operations manager and he opens with 'We got a big piece of shit and it's about to hit but the fan, and there's gonna be shit everywhere.'"
 Hahaha
 It was funny until we reviewed all the current anal prolapsing issues plaguing our office.
 
 How are we all getting up to Vermont? Any carpooling or pick ups from the bus station?
 I'm bringing Rob.  Planning to drive up in his car
 I'm planning on heading up in the early afternoon around 2 or 3 from Storrs
 I have work until 6 tomorrow. Might lug the turkey to work and and stash it in the fridge.
 Then make a straight shot up 91 for an ETA of 2100
 Jim dunno if you wanna carpool?
 I can carpool. I'll probably have to work until between 6 and 7 tmmr
 Depending on where you work tmmr we can either carpool from new Haven or meet somewhere on the way
 I'll be in Wallingford so a quick hop on 15
 Works for me
 I'll drive down to New Haven. Should get there just about the same time you get out of work.
 Nice dude. Gonna get so schwifty this weekend.
 Gotta shit on the floor
 lol what
" Rick and Morty, dude. Watch it. It'll change your life."
 Oh yeah been meaning to watch that
" Just thought of another thing for VT. If you guys could bring sleeping bags and pillows, that would help minimize the number of sheets to wash at the end of the weekend."
 Ok
 So on top of the turkey I'm bringing some back ribs. Anyone gonna handle the vegetable department. Really want nothing but net all weekend.
 Do you want me to handle some of the meat department? I can go to the elm city market and get some fresh to death butchered cuts tomorrow afternoon
 Figured a whole family sized turkey would be a ton of food tho
 
 Aw nice
" I can always get some cuts, just keep it in mind"
 T boner steak?
 Yeah I'd be down for some boners too.
 Yes please
 I'll see what they got
 Porterhouse is a tough cut to cook but it's fucking tasty
 That'd be sweet
" You sure that won't be too much? We're only there for two dinners. My mom already made meatballs, sausage and peppers and she picked up steak tips. She'll likely have a batch of chili too she said."
 Sounds like we're gonna achieve a Kenny Powers level of awesomeness
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mZE9fJ-ER0M
 And bring your homebrew empties
 I recycled mine 
 Didn't realize we were supposed to keep them
 I still got mine. I'll bring them up
" Butze, this is why we can't have nice things... Jk, I'll just pick up extra bottles for the next bottle session."
 Sry dude
 
 Nice
 Looks like the end of this weekend will be like trying to duck a beach ball through a basketball hoop.
 Dunk*
 Better bring the snake
" If anyone is still gonna be stopping at a store, I need fresh basil.  They're all out at whole foods.  If not no big deal"
 Nvm I found it
 Do I need to pick anything up? Feels kinda weird bring more or less empty handed
 Tons of stuff here
 I can pick up more vegetables than the lone pepper I had in the picture
" No worries, we're pretty stocked up here. Could always bring some beer. Found out that the taps have been shut down while my dad's away. We still have a good amount of beer though here"
 Noooo :(
" Yeah, apparently he was having some problems with one of the controllers and didn't have time to get it all straightened out"
 Oh damn ò®
 Okay I can pick up some beet
 Beer
" We just left, should get there at 1030-11"
 Sounds good
 Dave and I are on our way top
 We'll probably get there a little after 11
 Alex what's the address?
" 1090 Town Farm Rd., Ludlow, VT"
 Thanks
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Haha
" Just found out my company fucked up. My health insurance doesn't kick in until next week, so I've been without coverage for a while now. Really killing it in Roy II."
 Don't pull any off-white Persian rugs from the top shelf dude.
 He's taking Roy off the grid!  No health insurance!
 Sigh.... The customer service reps have been really fucking up. Now I notice one of them uses comic sans with multicolor font for an email signature..... Not sure of I can take them seriously
 
 Nice
 
 Haha wow that is some dedication
 Yeah that guy is braving the heat and the stares.
 Guy is just going off the grid
 All or nothing
 Guess that guy without the helmet has the best armor after all
 
 Nice
 Took me a while to notice the window in the last frame.  Really ties it together
 That along with the family portrait and little dilapidated home details
 Email for credit limit increase and then one from my 401k plan saying I have good diversification. Is this supposed to be the RL equivalent of the video game achievement pop ups. Because they feel equally empty.
 Those things would be in the Wu Simulator game summary
 
 
 Picture of a friend of mine at Burning man. His pose made me think of the human evolution picture. Love that he's clutching Doritos
 Awesome
 Someone posted this on Facebook the other day.  Just take a moment to appreciate this epitome of shitty 90s nu metal.  Everything about it is a stereotype of the genre.  Like a poor mans linkin park.
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lYBIRHi5-o8
 The video icon already says a lot. White dude with bleach blonde hair.... This will be interesting.
 The guitar tone is especially horrendous.  Not even sure how they managed to achieve such a sound
 Valn√∏tt pedal
 Got some long stubble going... If I keep this to the end of the week I'll have a basic beard.
 To shave or not to shave...
 Grow it!
 
 This could be you
" Lmao, that's a gnarly beard though."
 Yeah dude that's what you gotta shoot for
 You'll be knee deep in the klunge
 
 Another brilliant R&M moment
" Lol yeah, so deep."
 Haha just watched that episode yesterday. I've watched all of them now. Can't wait for the new episode tonight
 I gotta catch up
 Also nice use of 'klunge' earlier haha Totally forgot about that word
" Speaking of R&M, I was looking at frozen pizzas at whole foods and I found something kinda familiar"
 
 
 ITSA GOOOD
 
 
 Too much fun with the caption app
 Haha nice
 Hahaha
 And yeah klunge. That British vernacular.
 Remember that article one of yall posted a while back about when and when not to 'give a fuck' and learning to ration out your fuck-giving? Where was that from? Anyone still have the link?
" Lol I don't remember that article, but it sounds interesting"
" And I scrolled past pencil mustache pizza man, I could hear the words 'it'sa tight butthole'"
 As i*
 Here's the article: http://markmanson.net/not-giving-a-fuck
 YES
 thank you
" Speaking of not giving a fuck, I've decided to go full retard with growing a beard."
 ç
 Hell yeah
 You won't regret it
 http://giphy.com/gifs/104ueR8J1OPM2s
 Hahaha
 Haha wtf
 He's saying 'do it' if you weren't able to tell
 That YouTube video was great gif fodder
 Ah. Was about to say being cool like shia labeouf is not making a good case for having a beard.
 That's one of the more tame gifs of him saying 'do it'
 
 Awesome
 So here's a little anecdote I think yall will appreciate.  I recently found out via Facebook that a kid I used to go to prep school with went to divinity school and recently became ordained as a deacon in the episcopal church.  I recalled a particular conversation I had with him in 7th grade about our mutual interest in pornography.  He confided in me that he especially enjoyed videos of anal porn because he 'loves the sound the girl makes when it goes in'.  Yeah.  Now the dude is serving people communion on Sundays.
 Jesus
 Yup
 I'm not sure what's worse: the fact that he's ordained clergy now or the discussion you two had as seventh graders.
 Lol.  It actually might have been 8th grade.  Not that that really makes it any better
 The sound of butt stuff is also stuck in my head.
 But yeah even I was a bit taken aback at the time
 Being all of 14 years old
" Those were the early days of the internet, too. Don't think any streaming sites existed yet. Or if they did it was pixel porn. He'd have that stuff on hard copy DVD/vhs."
 Yeah.  Or limewire
" Yeah way before HD, way before 16:9 standard. Those clicky clack days of porn."
 'Back in my day we had to work for our porn!'
 
 Wu had a good idea with that caption and it turned out to be relevant to the convo
 Lol nice
 http://www.vice.com/read/undergrads-today-are-the-worst-a-tas-confession?utm_source=vicefbus
 Parts if this article made me think of your TA stories and the sordid state of higher ed.
 Yep
 Just imagining you guys on your knees with arms to the heavens bellowing out 'How do I reach these kids?'
 Glad I'm not a TA anymore
 Or Alex proctoring an exam and answer questions with a simple 'fuck should I know'
 Haha doing a lab class this semester. Noob city
 Machine shop again?
 Or I mean the laser metal lab
" No, not the machine shop again, thank god. 'Sensors Lab', it's a ton of horseshit"
 
 
 
 
" I'm calling that series, 'Schopenmeower'"
 
 
 
 
 That one's based on the Simone de Beauvoir comic that you guys posted
 Can't think of a good pun name for it yet
 Haha these are great
 You should make a tumblr of these
 This is awesome.
 Think I'm gonna go with 'Simmeown de Beaupaws' for the second set
" Damn, I had conversation with my mom about my time at UConn. And I remembered how much I fucking hated that place. Like coming out of North garage in the morning and feeling like I stepped in a streaming pile of shit. Or crossing streets with no fucks given while staring down bro drivers and occasionally whispering 'do it ya mother fucker.'"
""
 
 I'm LOLing just imagining you standing in a crosswalk saying 'do it motherfucker'
 That's also why I find it particularly funny when Rick throws out the taunt in near death situations.
" I also got a kick out of the 'do it motherfucker' line, super dark humor haha. I have to agree with your overall sentiment, Wu. We're really #blessed"
 
 #friendsforever
 Lol you guys
" Seriously though, i def side with Dave on this one. It took me until I was done with UConn for good to realize just how much I disliked that place"
" .. But you know, I'm sure the degree is worth the work"
 #finishstrongalex
" Students Today, Niggas For Life"
 Lol.
 
 Fuck yeah
" People always repeat the 'college is the best time of your life' or 'I'd doing anything to relive college' mantras. I say bull shit.  I'm much happier in the workforce. Sure, I met great people and had some important life lessons. But overall college is a really disturbing 4 (7 in my case) year carnival/microcosm that I don't need to experience again. Had my fill."
 Now I'm thinking... if I'm ever a parent how'd I justify sending a barely mature adult to such a place and paying 30-60k per year.
 Yeah I think everyone has a different 'best time' of their life.  For some unfortunate people it was high school... Wouldn't want to be one of them.
 The goal should be to 'peak' as late as possible.  Or never.  Just keep getting more awesome
" When I'm 90, I'm gonna be going 90"
 Hahaha amen
 Never go back to the carpet store
" Jim, I feel like that could make a good motivational poster."
 Chipotle in Hamden. All the patrons are prissy white girls and soccer mom's with kids rolling with luxury cars. Then the workers all come in city bus and look haggardly.... Tale off two cities.
" Does anyone still have that long comic from last year with Mickey, Goofy, and Donald Duck.  Feel like a second dose of that is needed after yesterday's musings"
 Get ready to be bummed out
""
" Also, I wish there was a one of the phone 'helpers' like siri or cortana but with the Mr. Meeseeks voice."
 Oh man yeah that comic. So good but yeah pretty gloomy
 Yeah most of it is kind of gloomy but the end really ties it together on a brighter note.
 When Micky realizes he is #blessed to have his buddies
" 'It's just crazy cause I was just thinking, I don't have any friends who I've known my whole life. You guys all watched each other the whole way...you've all come so far. You're all doing new and exciting stuff and leading these crazy lives and you've still got so much to do. I wish I had a friend like that. Who was with me for like, the whole journey.'"
 Fuckin gets me right in the feels every time
 
 Just realized that that comic is multiple pages! I'll have to check out the rest. Seems pretty heavy tho. Reminds me of that time Mike Mitchell watched the movie Click by Sandler et al. and was moved to subsequently tell everyone that he appreciated them. I think he even called his mom.
 LOL wow
 But yeah you gotta read the whole thing.  It's a masterpiece
" Changing subjects, I just gotta vent real quick about some TA bullshit. Yesterday, the professor that I TA for tried unknowingly (because her math is weak sauce) to assign me a grading load the violated my contract hours. I made an excel sheet and did basic hours accounting to prove to her that she had indeed violated it. Totally QED'd her. But now she's acting like she can still negotiate with me. I'm supposed to show my calculations to the other TAs tomorrow to make sure they agree, which as I see it doesn't matter. If they don't, I'm gonna straight go to the department head and if that doesn't work to the union if I have to. I don't get what the fuck she don't understand about contracts. Fucking academics sometimes, man... Sheeeuuuttt"
 Lol I did not get the impression that click was that kind of movie
 Also that is some bullshit
 Seems common as fuck but its still not fair
 I think UConn is one of those schools where the professors are hired with the idea that they devote 95% of their time to research
 Lol damn dude. Props for fighting back tho
 Just gotta stonewall her.  What's yours is yours
 Hahaha
 I agree with sean
 Gotta keep it real
 Show them what happens when you find a stranger in the alps
 Is Alex Cocco gonna have to choke a bitch?
" That exactly what I'm doing. Haha I'm not budging an inch. Told her today that as she has it now, either she is violating my contract or the students' papers that I grade get roughly half (turns out that the actual fraction cus I did the fuckin math) the attention that those of their peers get. Up to her"
 QED Bitch
 Does your department ever use undergad graders? We do it all the time at tufts to reduce the load on the grad TAs.  And the labor is cheaper
 I know that's happened in the past with the CE department. I'm not sure how common it is with other departments though
" Ah, classic delegating... Keeps the world a turning."
" On a side note, my mom told me I really needed to shave this morning. Asked me how I'm supposed to find a girl while rocking facial scruff....."
 'Mom that's what the bitches like these days'
 For some reason I'm hearing that delivered in the tone and voice of the apple jacks kids.
 Hahaha
 We eat what we like
 Hahaha fits well
" Speaking of beards... I was out on a date last night at a bar.  Some random guy walks up to me and says 'I'm sorry man but I just have to do this real quick' and starts stroking my beard for a couple seconds, then walks away.  Few minutes later his friend comes up and explains that he bet the other guy that he wouldn't try to touch my beard.  I chuckled heartily.  He bought me a beer because he lost the bet."
 Really getting some serious ROI out of this thing
 Can't wait for the returns on the beard I'm growing. Especially since I'll be Asian with a beard. That's like a Articuno status.
 LOL nice Pokemon reference
 http://deadspin.com/cops-man-commits-suicide-at-buffalo-bills-tailgate-1730521152
 This guy went Full Auth
 Jesus
 Feel like I need to add something to lighten up after that article
 
 That's the best I can do
 Haha yeah sorry bout that
 I've looked at this photo five times and I laugh uncontrollably each time. Bathroom humor just never gets old.
 Haha that photo is great
 It looks like Pooh has fallen on some hard times... Waking up face down in a sewage drain. Must've happened when Christopher Robin got older and interests changed to 'wanking.'
 Like a depressing version of Toy Story.
 So.. Toy story 3?
 Oh right...forgot about that one and it's depressing plot.
 Its*
 And that's the waaaaAAaay the news goes
 Number one most hated phrase in textbooks: 'we leave this as an exercise for the reader'
" It's like, damn, the phrase is 'knowledge is built upon the shoulders of giants' not 'knowledge is built upon the shoulders of giants, but they're kinda dickish and make you climb up them instead of just picking you up and putting you on their shoulders. They're GIANTS, man, picking you up is like lifting a couple of grapes for them'"
 Lmao
 Lol
 One of my friends at tufts tried to use that exact line as part of his write up of a problem for a homework assignment.  The TA was not impressed.
" The Large Hadron Collider is gearing up for its next experiments, 'Run 2.' As a promotional thing, CERN is doing a series of videos where 'experimental physics meets experimental music.' They recently released this video with Deerhoof: http://youtu.be/tZqQGbSnSTA"
""
 Holy shit. The CERN folk are the edge.
 The physicist in the beginning looks mad chill. Probably vibes to skypewave
 Riding chillwaves while unraveling the mysteries of the universe..... So next level auth.
 Damn the really took it to the edge with that
 they*
 Seems like CERN is making strides to stay relevant and improve their brand.  A big improvement over the awkward rapping physicists in particle fever
 Maybe they brought Carles in as a marketing consultant
 Hahaha
 The name Carles Sagan popped in my head.
 Yeah that first guy was totally dressed like a hipster version of Sagan too.  Got the beige sport coat but slim and tapered; black t shirt in lieu of a turtleneck
" Whoa, Werner Herzog guest starred in the new Rick and Morty"
 Oh snap I forgot there was a new Rick and Morty last night
 Pretty great episode
 
 
 
 
 
 
 One of my favorite scenes from the newest episode
 Haha nice
 Caught an episode of bear grylls on BBC. Happened to be the one where he floats off into the sunset with an enema.
 A timeless classic
 One for the ages
 'Just lie back and think of...ugghh... England'
 http://www.complex.com/pop-culture/2015/09/boston-man-shares-viral-video-of-giant-sea-creature-with-hilarious-commentary?utm_campaign=complexmag&utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&sr_share=facebook
 All I could think of was Bill Burrs stand-up but on Bostonian vernacular.
 Damn almost everyone in the office is happily heading off to the employee appreciation river cruise. Me... I'm still sitting here buried in a heap of work. But I remember: at least I'm not getting interrupted with questions about lube and plan b. I smile to myself. I guess this is better than the carpet store.
 At least for now until you take Dave off the grid
 They really cranked up the realism in Roy II.
 
 Haha what episode is that from?
 It's from the fart saving carpet store mother fucker episode. They mention Roy 2 in the post credit blips and chitz commercial.
 Oh damn I forgot about that
 Speaking of Rick and Morty. The Post Rock girl had that in her profile favorites. Mentioned it in my opening message.... Ooooo weeee
 Nice
 Listening to hybrid theory at work. So many feels. So long ago.
 It's a classic
 Made it through my Amazon interview day.  And I didn't even have to watch Jeff bezos jerk himself off. ç
 Haha nice!
 http://jezebel.com/fall-is-the-worst-season-1731190276
 Btw Sean if you're getting a suv with a different personal brand. You could look into the Toyota FJ. The car screams 'I am outdoor adventure bro.' Combo that with a pair of Oakley's and you'll probably give of the impression that you crush light beer on the reg.
 Lol it looks like the retarded child of a hummer and a tonka truck
 Yeah the vehicle caters to a special group of people. Like if you want give of an obnoxious poo brain vibe.
" Kids will state at you and the car. And parents will tell them it's not nice to stare, that man obviously has poo brain."
 Stare*
 Lol poo brain
 Lol
 I've already wrapped up my car search tho.  We pulled the trigger yesterday on a black RAV4.  Practical and understated but rugged enough to facilitate my Outdoorsy Bro rebranding effort.
 Ooooo weeeee.... Gotta throw some 22's on it now.
 
 I got bored
 Nah first thing I'm upgrading is the sound system.  Gotta get some subs so I can wake up the neighborhood with bass heavy mathbonus tracks
 You could also be the person that brings whistle tips to the east coast.
 The whistles go wooooo
 Yikes I just got an offer letter from Amazon..
 That's gonna be a tough decision
" Mention to my parents that I'm thinking about getting a bike. Basically gets called a dumb idea, gonna get hit by a car, robbed on a trail, etc. Then my dad tells me to learn dancing....WTF is this, some weird reverse footloose shit."
" Oh shit dude, I just noticed your Amazon message. Congrats dude. That's some good stuff."
" Yeah, congratulations, Sean!"
 Thanks guys.  Not sure if I'll end up taking it but it's definitely a good feeling to have made it all the way with one of the top tech companies.
 Plus now I have leverage to go in and stonewall other companies for more $$$ lol
" Now if the hiring manager makes you watch them jerk off, you can just pull out the Amazon letter."
 And then I'll make them watch ME jerk off
 
 Haha. I'm imagining the whole jacking off thing would be covered in the job hunt book: Chapter 17 Negotiation Tactics - Appropriate times to start wanking during an interview and establishing authority by carefully choosing where to nut
 Hahaha
 Hahaha boo-cake
" Oh wow, congrats sean"
 Lol giving it the ol' LBJ
 Thnx brah
 Almost wrecked my car this morning dodging some loose carpet rolls lying in the road.... fucking carpet rolls.
 That off-white persian
 Lol damn dude Roy is really fuckin up
 
" I enjoy how girls on Okc constantly complain about receiving generic/uninteresting messages.  'You should have something to say other than 'hey'', etc.  fair enough.  But then they turn around and do this shit"
 Yeah because girls know they're holding all the cards.
" There's no shortage of dicks, but girls are limited and in high demand"
 Eh at least guys don't get a never ending supply of dick pics
 Yeah and at least we don't have to sit down when we pee or have periods or give birth.  I guess we're still coming out ahead
 Oh yeah and making more money is cool too
 Weeooo weeooo
 Lol. PC Jim
 Yeah I should've clarified my initial statement. Girls are holding all the cards on okc. Okc interface doesn't have a send picture option. Need to get the digits before you can start sending dick Rembrandts.
" Hey man, there's always imagination, vivid description, and failing that, ascii art"
 Ah yes vivid description. Much like the legendary blood ninja.
 OO====D
 Heh
" I put on my wizard robe and hat, I cast level 9 Cock Of The Infinite"
 Ç
 çÜ
 I should just start blood ninja-ing girls who message me 'hey.'
 êòµ
 8===Dí¶
""
 You could always give it the ol interview special
" Hahaha man, horse, tragedy, perfect"
" Ah and an 8 is how you make the balls! damn, I knew I had it wrong haha"
" Nice, just got told by a member to go have a stroke. Should have responded with no I'm probably gonna meet my demise in some carpet related accident."
 Lol what
 A member of what?
 Member of one of the pharmacy benefit plans
 Kinda had to lay down some bad news on the member
 Yikes
 Making grandma eat alpo?
 Had to deny a needa need for a stroke patient. But the wasn't related to testing the stroke itself. More like the patient had some nerve issues post stroke. The need could possible be used for those nerve problems but in accordance to gov regs there's not enough support. So I had to deny.
 Poor grandma
" Insurance is not making people eat alpo, but more like preventing people from frivolously using meds (especially expensive shit) and making everyone else attached to the plan eat alpo."
 Yeesh
" Jeez, Morty, you got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset."
 Lol
 Eek barba dirkle
 Had a discussion about how the office would go about letting someone go and the upcoming security preparations. Assessing the risk that said employee would go postal.
 Hope y'all say some ridiculous shit on the 6 o'clock news. Like 'Dave... He had a big heart and really cared about people. But boy was he a chronic masturbator and into that strokey chokey shit'
 Hahaha pretty dark humor
 Lolz
 
 Not sure if the humor will translate.. But basically everyone on the west coast thinks east cost people are replicas of Bill Burr
 Lol
 
 The whip
" Nice. And there's a built in rack that says 'bitch, I do outdoors activities.'"
 Exactly
 So much room for activities
" You should put rack your bike on the back, attach a kayak to the roof, and slap a couple 26.2 and eat green/organic stickers on the truck."
 Hahaha yes
 Then cruise around Cambridge playing folksy indie music to pick up baguettes
 One word dude
 Trucknutz
 Brilliant
 What about mud flaps with that girl silhouette
 'She looked like the girl on the mud flaps' -Jimmy
 Need a 'no farms no food' bumper sticker. Whatever the hell that's even supposed to mean
 Lol classic
" If you go trucknutz and mudflaps, you'd definitely need the Monster energy sticker. Maybe toss in the fox racing for good measure. But that's a whole different set of girls. Like girls that shot guns and maybe went to community college."
 Ah painting with broad strokes
 Yeah not really the kind of weird I'm looking for
" Sheeuuut, that's a sweet-looking car, Butze"
 Thanks :)
 I mean you could waited for the new Tesla model but that SUV is still a good choice
" I was told I need to name it.  My first thought was maybe Jake, after jake the dog.  Because he's gonna be my adventure buddy."
 The Sneaky Butcher Shop.
 Haha nice
 The Shag Wagon
 The (g)Rape Van
 Whoa apparently john and Charlene got married this weekend
 So says the face books
 Oh cool
 Guess we didn't get the invite then
 Lol nope guess not
 And that's the way the news goes
" Haha, looks like the entirety of 'the weird' went. That's cool though, would you really want to go to a wedding? They've never been my favorite, and less so the less I know the people"
 Lol I mean I've been to a few weddings for people our age. They can be really fun depending on who's getting married
 That being said I don't know how much fun a wedding would be with the entirety of 'the weird' as the wedding party
 Lol the weird
 They'd probably be calling you 'sprinkles.'
 Wootzy and Boo
 Oh yeah... That
 Then again that whole perspective thing... Maybe they referred to us as the weird too.
 Remember we were so cool back in those days.
 Yeah true... But... Let's not forget the penis party
" Ah right, so many memories I've left in some dusty recess of my mind."
 Oh the places you'll go.......
 Fucking sprinkles
" You guys see that noob at uconn who tried to bring booze into the union, proceeded to get into a verbal and finally physical altercation with the union manager, and then got arrested?"
 Lol why
 Wut**
 #thatssocollege
 Here's the video of it. http://www.barstoolsports.com/barstoolu/encore-of-drunk-uconn-kid-trying-to-get-some-jalapeno-bacon-mac-and-cheese-at-the-student-union/
 There's a breakdown of the action too
" Some guy at the very end goes, 'ooooo-eeee' kind of like Mr. poopy butt hole"
 Haha shit
 It's on the front page of reddit too
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/6yVTKGW
 Such gold
 Jalape√±o bacon Mac and cheese. Shit got fancy.
" Hahaha yeah, that was one of my first thoughts too, the YouTube video of it has 119,878 views"
 Holy shit.  That was insane
 The dude who took him down is a fuckin hero
 Hope that kid gets expelled.  Don't need these punks diluting the value of my degree
 Kids these days
 
 Some humorous commentary about the incident going on in the face books.
" 'An all-too-poetic jumanji-esque flood of Mac and cheese fulfills his request, pulling the protagonist out to sea'"
 #huskiesforever
 
" Oh man, I listened to the com truise remix to a tron soundtrack song. Made me remember the time I played it for some of y'all on a car ride back from buckland hills. There were virgin ear canals that couldn't handle the auditory penetration."
 Lol I can't say I remember that
 And....
 ITS ALEX COCCO'S BIRTHDAY YALL!!! Å
 Happy 28th ya old sack o shit
 Now you must spend the entire year shouting 'I'M 28!!' at every possible opportunity
" Happy birthday, Alex!!! 28 damn."
 
 Got one of them birthday comix for the occasion
" Haha, thanks guys!"
 
 Obligatory
 Still makes me laugh each time
" So today I dropped a real triumphant one in my toilet and clogged it real bad.  Plunged it 6 or 7 times, no dice.  Ended up driving to Home Depot to buy a snake. Then came home and had to watch some tutorials on YouTube to learn how to operate it.  Then I had to snake my own toilet, and dislodged a massive turd from deep within.  It was not a pleasant experience. But somewhat proud I finally dropped a David Wu caliber deuce."
 Hahahaha epic
" Well now that you own a snake, I don't need to hold back when I visit your place."
 Porcelain war crimes
" There will be a strict 'you clog it, you snake it' policy"
 Haha. You could've also tried in some liqid plumber double penetration before investing in hardware.
" And Sean, my beard mentor, said I should post this to the chat. Advice on trimming?"
 
 How effin sexy is that
 Chicks are gonna be frothing at the gash when you walk by
 LMAO that might be my new favorite euphemism
 But yeah I really like Dave's look with the haircut/beard combo
" Yeah the haircut is nice too. Combined with a crisp button down, you really look like a guy who handles serious business"
" 'I am a man, and I know how to do things'"
" Sigh... The meeting I get left out of, there's free lunch and a bunch of hot vendors presenting. Meanwhile I'm holding down the daily work and eating the remnants from their breakfast."
 Well they're just gonna get the bare minimum from me today
 Haha nice way to stick it to the man
 Wish one of y'all owned a dog (preferably a puppy). Need to up my tinder photo game.
 Or maybe a bunch of baby ducks
 You could visit a pet store
 You could take a picture with my aloe plant. You're its primary caretaker as it is
 Horticulture can be sexy too
" At the shelter: 'Sir, You gonna adopt all these dogs' 'Nah, fuck that shit... just hurry up and take the photo for my tinder.'"
 Pretty store or a petting zoo woiuld be a good idea. Also what up with all the profiles with the 'better not be holding a fish' disclaimer
 Haha yeah... Apparently lots of guys have photos of themselves holding a fish they caught.  What a bunch of basic tools
" And the girls with inspirational quotes in their description. For fucks sake, I'm not looking for office posters on tinder"
 
 Haha nice. They let you keep your old license? DMV took my old one when I renewed.
" Yeah, it was weird, maybe because I went to AAA they let me keep it"
 I still try to tap B whenever the evolution alerts comes up in life.
 Kinda like pickachu refusing to evolve. But then Ash forces his way later in the show with a lightening stone suppository.
 Hahaha
 Hahaha this is great
 That middle licence pic is pretty damn chameleon
 
" Found this on imgur, thought you guys would appreciate it. That bottom right pic, really hits home"
 Lol. That idiot degree... Money well spent.
 Also Jim thanks for the 5 min butt dial
 That moment when you realize you qualify for a 22 year old's 'looking for someone older' age range.
 Lmao was it another Kelly Byrne magnum opus?
 http://thump.vice.com/en_uk/article/this-video-of-confused-clubbers-is-an-ode-to-the-beautiful-disappointment-of-life?utm_source=vicefbuk
 See also: baking muffins
 Bitch lost her birth control. Bitch needs an override for lost birth control. Bitch says it's an emergency. Bitch needs to get creampied asap.
 Geez man that's a little harsh don't ya think
" Sorry, I'm manning the call center and clinical office by myself.  Wish I had a Meeseeks box right now or I'm about to reach Morty purge level"
 Sounds like fun
" Damn man, that sounds shitty. If you wanna grab a drink/blow off steam let me know"
 Wouldn't want you eating nothing but purginol for breakfast lunch and dinner
 
 I should slip a Waterbury magazine into the stack
 Haha
 You should just grab the first and last page and fill the rest with with foreclosure auctions and police blotters
 That awkward moment when your boss is talking to you and notices the dating app open on your phone.
 I was looking through a scope of work for one of our projects today and there's a personnel category called 'Expert BM Consultant'
 I laughed way more than I probably should have thinking about some guy in a punstripe suit teaching people how to get nothing but net every time
 http://existentialcomics.com/comic/99
" Got my first beard trim done yesterday. Gotta say, it might just be one of the most relaxing things a man can exoerience"
 Really loving the lumberjack lifestyle
 Nice!!! Yeah I got a proper beard trim once in Seattle t was awesome
 Post a pic I wanna see this bad boy
 
 This is from this afternoon
 Had an earlier one that showcases the length before the trim
 
 My selfie face apparently needs work
 Dude nice looking pretty sweet
 You look like a man who knows how to do things
 You know it dude
" Gotta say, really glad I stuck with it"
 Aru loves the beard too
 Yeah it's so worth it.  Really pays dividends
 Seriously
 I bet she does ò
 Sorry had to
 Lmao
 
 Damn dude that's a legit beard
 Aru thinks its too angular
 (I think it looks glorious)
 Haha thanks
 Yeah the squared edges are somewhat divisive but I like it. I get a lot of compliments  which is cool
 It's tough when it gets to that length for sure
 You gotta contend with it puffing out too much on the sides
 Yeah I keep the sides tight.  That's the key
 I bet it looks pretty sweet from straight on
 That business beard
 I think I'm reaching the sean puffy combs stage
 
 Looks like that guy did a business.
 Went to the stock market and did a business
 Lol nice pic dude
 You look like you'd fit in perfectly in the Seattle/Portland metropolitan region
 Thanks.  Yeah that's my goal
 Off to a good start I'd say. Not sure if you mentioned it but I take it you turned down the amazon offer?
 I got my deadline extended.  But I'm most likely gonna turn it down.  I'm also interviewing at Google in California in a couple weeks.
" Oh damn man, good luck"
 Thanks
 How's your job hunt going
 Eh I don't know. Slow as shit I guess
" Had a second round a week and a half ago, think it went well but haven't heard anything since"
 It's just tough to find a decent tech job in NYC
 Might have to just go straight into finance or to something a little more entry level
 Hmm yeah that's frustrating
 Maybe be a quant for a hedge fund and just go all wolf of Wall Street
 Dropping ludes on the reg
 Lol yeah its always an option
 Hookers on a private jet
 Sounds boring as shit though
 I mean aside from the late 90s era hedonism
 Haha yeah
 Eh I guess you never know. There's always those tech bootcamps if I gotta make something work
 Wouldn't mind checking out the Seattle area if it came to that tbh
 Seems pretty relevant
 Yeah there's a lot of those around.  Surprised there's not more demand for your stats skillz though.  Thought people were fiending for data people
 For every 20 or so cool sounding openings on the west coast there's like one in NYC
 Most are looking for senior data scientists far as I can tell
 Like a finance firm trying to retrofit the past 15 years of tech research
 Hmm interesting
 Looking more and more at business days analyst and quant style positions
" So in other news, I've been in a sports bar for the past 6-7 hours"
 Watching sports
 I wanna go home so bsd
 That sounds like a fuckin nightmare
 It's about as fun as it sounds
 Damn that's painful
 Shit forgot Daves birthday yesterday.  Bad friend :(
 Happy belated
 
 
 :(  shit why did I think it was today
 Happy birthday Dave! From your bad friends
 à
 Can you believe Wu palooza was 8 years ago
 Thanks bad friends!
" And looking back at 8 years ago us, there such a vast difference in life goals and beards."
 
 That you're an adult but you know how to have fun?
 Don't really know where to place the communist manifesto
 Suggestion #4: 50 Shades of Grey
" This is still better than the week I had suggestions for garage door openers, faucets, and lawn tools."
 The combined disappointment from house hunting and online dating is reaching a breaking point. About to say fuck it all and move to the woods or open a ladies footlocker.
 I feels you man.
 I was on such a hot streak just a few weeks ago only to have it all fall apart within a matter of days
 Really don't understand how people enjoy the single life.  So much constant disappointment
 
 So I was recently contacted by a game development company who was interested in using one of my songs in the opening credits of an upcoming game.  Just negotiated a small contract with them.  The game is gonna be coming out on Steam in a few months I think.  Pretty stoked about that.
 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=405651316
" Nice, stacking them flurbos."
 Yup.  Time to hit the VIP and pop some Cystale
 Or do lines of collaxion crystal dust off a stripper's ass.
 MRW a girl on Okc who's 5'6' says 'you must be at least 6 foot' in her profile http://giphy.com/gifs/a3zqvrH40Cdhu
 Lolz what bs
 To be honest I thought you were gonna link that picture of the hamster with the banana
 Hahaha yeah that one would also apply
 She must love to laugh.
 Oh you know it.  And watching Netflix.
 Sounds so laid back and down to earth.
 My mom tells the realtor I'd have a hard time kicking out the current tenants to increase rent because I have a soft heart.
 LOL
 
 
 LOL
" I dunno man, a good salad tossing is a great way to start the day.  Really freshens you up"
 I could see Butze hanging that to by his bed.
 Up*
 
 Haha wow
 Is that hilltop?
" Yeah, right near Putnam"
 What happened to whole UConn is having budget issues thing?
 Did they tear down the old dorms?
" No, there just behind the new one"
 Packin em in there like livestock
 Also nice to see you back on the thread. Was starting to think maybe you took Roy off the grid
 Had an experiment last week that took me off the grid for a while
 Hope that dissertation research is coming along nicely dude
 Hopefully you can defend before UConn grows into that city from judge dredd
" Me too, luckily this last experiment went pretty well"
 Interviewing at Google today! Wubbalubbadubbdubbbb I'm Tiny Rick
 Good luck. That's how you should open up the interview too.
 Lol that'd be awesome
" Butze, you end up clowning on that interview?"
" Haha... I dunno. It was difficult.  4 technical interviews, 45 min each. Hard to tell if I did well or not.  We'll see what happens"
 
 Haha nice
 An older dude just asked me what's the 'best way to remove hair from the genitals.' He brought his lady friend too.
 Lol
 You'd think he should know that by now
 The guy wanted to rub hair removal cream on his balls. Smooth as eggs.
 Haha.  So funny story about that... I actually tried that once in high school.  It burned so fucking bad lol never do it
 Jesus. That's some inbetweeners shit right there.
 Haha yeah...
 
 Seen in a classroom today
 Wubba lubba dub dub!!!
" So today I had to google a letter format for some loan documents. Ended up finding info on a credit score forum. Normally, I see posts with flair like lists of prior phones on a smartphone group, computer specs for gaming, car upgrades, or other hobby/rl achievement stuff. On the credit forum, people listed credit scores as flair. It was kinda surreal. Always thought credit scores was something you keep to yourself."
 Hahaha wow
 Niche forums are strange places
 I bet that's like a candy store for identity theives
" Can only imagine the kind of vapid, hollow existence one has to live in order for their credit score to be the thing they brag about / discuss extensively on Internet forums"
 So I got an email today from Elsevier saying my thesis paper is the number one most cited article for alternative methods in crash injury severity modelling
 That degree is really paying dividends
 Is that the thesis you wrote in 24 hours?
 Damn that's cool
 That's the one I wrote my first year of grad school
" I'm honestly surprised there are more than like 2 or 3 papers on that specific topic, to be honest"
" I doubt it means anything to me other than a little boost of self esteem, but still. Feels good man"
 
" Time to let the cdm office know what's up. Go to work with no pants on. Be like, I'm number one on the citation charts. I do whatever I feel."
 Hahaha
 'Lick-lick-lick my balls!!'
 That's the waaaaayyy the news goes
 AIDS!
 Such a good show dude
 Still name occasional temporary variables after Mr poopybutthole in my traffic assignment scripts
 Lol nice
 I also get down with the R&M references in my code
 
 Haha awesome
 
 Cheap thrills. Gotta do what you can to break the crushing monotony.
" That's what life is all about, I guess"
 Yup we're all basically just passing the butter.  Might as well make it interesting
 Hahaha always laugh when I'm reminded of that poor guy
 But yeah
 
 Lol wtf
 That's just the tip of the iceberg for weird medical diagnosis codes. I guess this one is like a butthole Charlie horse.
 And it treated with meds that literally relax the ass.
 Relax your ass and spread ya cheeks
 
 Lol wow
 Got rejected by Google . Guess that's just the way the news goes.
 Bummer dude. I guess the bright side is you won't have to pay San Francisco rents.
 Yeah I'm actually kind of relieved.  Wasn't too psyched about the idea of living there and paying retarded rent for a shoebox apartment.  Still would have been nice to get an offer though.
 Man their hiring bar is like soooo fuckin high though.  I knew it was high but like god damn. The recruiter did me the courtesy of reading through all 4 of my interviewers' feedback detailing every mistake and shortcoming of my solutions.
 Like cool bro thanks
 Jesus. That's rough.
 Damn man. Sorry to hear that but yeah everything I hear about Google interviews is pretty similar. They've got a really high false negative rate though so you can always apply a little later
 And I was like 'ok but can they freestyle rap in a Scottish accent? ... Didn't think so'
 Lol. All those Google perks and cafes can't hold a candle to that.
 Guess you should start your own company and make that internet money.
 They really can't
 Yeah man.  Someday I just might.  Gotta get a little more experience fire
 First*
 I seem to remember a webcomic along those lines
 
 Hahaha
 Yeah that's spot on
 We'll all eventually become what we used to hate.
 I like to think of it more as the racism/prejudice/liberal-conservative cycle
 The views we have as reasonably liberal folks may just become conservative for the new generation
 Maybe the values we have will just become obsolete in the eyes of the youths
 ..damn youths
" Dang, for some reason I wasn't getting message notifications from WhatsApp so I thought everything was just wicked quiet for the past couple days. Turns out I missed like 80 messages including those hilarious R&M references in lines of code haha"
" Also, just found this stand up segment I thought you guys would appreciate http://www.cc.com/video-clips/j2epun/the-meltdown-with-jonah-and-kumail-uncensored---extended---sad-snacks-and-sad-tweets"
 Dude does a bit called 'how my day sounds towards the middle that I couldn't stop laughing at
 Actually it's closer to the end of the clip
 Welcome back.  Thought you went off the grid again
 Watching food factory on TV. Noticed they play some ill trap beats during the slow-mo machine food porn scenes.
 Haha nice
 Hope they use a compilation of 2 second clips to make it super legit
 Yeah super legit. Never thought Gorton's fish fillets were so ballin.
 They should sign a deal with mathbonus
 Lately my targeted Google mail ads have changed from 'Single? Try Zoosk' to 'House hunting? Get pre-qualified with Wells Fargo.'
 targeted ads*
 Are you getting closer to buying something?
" I'm closing on a place on Dec 18th, so all my Google ads are all mortgage related. No more 'single guy who wants to attend Lincoln tech while driving ubers for $1500' a week ads."
 Haha nice
 That's super exciting though
 You should throw an epic drug-fueled rager before the tenants move in
 Maybe hire the Get Wet Girls
" Yeah dunno if you'd wanna be in East Somerville just yet. It's up and coming, as my realtor says, 'they still speak Portuguese in the area.' And I'm receiving the place with some tenants. My living space is the trap house basement."
""
 With the toy show too!? Can't wait!
" For you, Alex, I'll make sure you get the 'I think I need to join a cloistered monastery' special."
 For my stag I'm gonna need a hang glider and a crotchless Uncle Sam suit.  Fill an entire football field with redheads and the stands with anyone who looks remotely like my father.
 Hahahaha
 
 Lol
 Today I learned that I manage pharmacy benefits for T Boone Pickens.... Guy's not exactly a light weight.
 Wow
 Everyone was like make sure an approval happens and what not. Don't wanna step on his toes because he probably rips orifices like a portal gun.
 
 Aww shit
 Let's not wait an entire year to cook this one
 https://www.instagram.com/sirjoancornella/
 It's some weird ass shit.
 
 Pretty sure the middle photo is in a pornhub comment stock photo post.
 Lol nice
 Lol that's harold
 He's in some pretty dank memes
 I'm pretty sure the original source is some shutterstock image collection
 
 Haha awesome
 
 Haha so great
 So #blessed yall
 Miss my boyz
 <3
 #BFFs
 Haha
 
 Possibly the greatest brand name imaginable for a beard product
 
 Please tell me your dad commissioned a Chinese man to carve it by hand and shipped it from Shanghai
" Oh snap, is that from the local Vermont chainsaw bear carver dude?"
 Damn dude that's really gonna tie the house together
" It almost begs the question, how much more awesome can the house get? And the answer is none.  None more awesome."
" I dunno, if Alex's dad decides to start a brewery operation I'd have a hard time being disappointed in the turn of events"
 That house is like countable infinity
 True
 Hahaha
 The Limit Does Not Exist
" Haha If you look closely, you'll see that it's holding a beer mug. My dad had it carved by this guy in Chester. You know the house with the huge mailbox? That guy. He's also made a bunch of beats for Steven Tyler. The guy's name is, I shit you not, Barry. Barry the bear-carving guy. He does it with a chainsaw"
 That is truly epic
 
 (girl I've been seeing)
 Ooooo weee..looks like you found something special there.
" Wow, what a catch"
 Holiday shopping makes me feel like dying.
 Yeah
" Most holiday shoppers probably feel that way. I was feeling like that the other day. Luckily I happened to chance upon the movie Flash Gordon plying on the TV, which cheered me right up. Have you guys seen that one? It's hilarious. Maybe even better than Conan the Destroyer"
 Nice.  No haven't seen it
 It's like a super cheesy 80s action movie right
" Yeah, the hero has no super powers, he's just the quarterback for the New York Jets. He uses some of his football skills to fight aliens"
" So I noticed on FB it's Pam's birthday. And she posted a photo with Noelle about how 8 years ago they packed 45 people in a dorm room. That was the Pam-palooza. Wow, that was a long time ago."
" That was also the same night Butze and I got rigety rigety wrecked, drew dicks on most of the 5th floor white boards, and watched swap.avi. So cool... We were so cool. Also I've never fully recovered from the swap trauma."
 Hahaha wow yeah that was quite a night
 http://youtu.be/Hy8efX9fviQ
 Have you guys seen these? It's James Joyce's love letters to his wife.
 Full of b-hole references
 Jezus. James mother fuckin Joyce loving that butt stuff.
" Haha, I love all the different ways he describes farts"
 He got into all the subtleties of farting. Must've been a real fart connoisseur.
 Man I can't wait to watch this when I get home later
 Smart feller and fart smeller
" Oh wow there's other videos/ letters. Damn, Jimmy Joyce you nasty."
" Yeah, it's a hilarious series"
 
 Did you take a sad pause and tell them that he's a close family friend?
 Haha
 I told her it's from Rick and Morty. And she said her niece actually does animation for the show out in California.
 Nice
" Cool, small world"
 
" Lol, you programmers are a bunch of zany characters."
 
 Lmao
 Sounds like me.
 Lol my friend just sent that to me.  So awesome
 Haha perfect
 Lol at this point I think that's all of us
 Left regular show on in the office lunch room... The little things.
 Nice
 
 Damn that is awesome
 Whoa. I feel basic.
" Maths, it's pretty sweet"
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_RD6rigX0Eo
 Hahaha exactly
 That's pretty sweet
 Very impressive hand drafting skills too
 Does volume to surface area apply here? I'm pretty bad with theoretical maths
 In what way?
 I think the original proof was basically concerned with magnitudes of infinite sets.  Basically showing that the infinite quantity of all real numbers is equal to that of any subset. Which is crazy cool
 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleph_number
" Each line in the lower half corresponds to a half circle in the top half. The diameter of each circle corresponds to the interval from 0 to 1 on the circle's corresponding line. A line is drawn from each circle's midpoint to a point outside of the interval from 0 to 1. Where that line intersects the circle, a line is drawn from the intersection to the circles diameter such that that line and the diameter are perpendicular. That process, which maps a point outside of the interval to exactly one point inside the interval can be repeatedly for all of the infinite points on the real line outside of the interval. Therefore, the mapping is one to one and the infinity of points inside the interval is exactly equal to the infinity of points outside of the interval (in mathspeak, they have the same 'cardinality'). For each half circle, I've drawn 4 example mappings. Then I repeat the drawing using the previous drawing as the 0 to 1 interval is the next. That way the nesting of Infinities becomes more obvious."
 Makes for some pretty sweet album art too
 So cool. You're nerd level is like uncountably infinite.
 Your*
" It's all really cool stuff. I'm pretty noobish when it comes to any math that's not applied, but the idea of a smaller scale universe with lower energy seems pretty neat"
 I figure the physics works out somehow
 
 
 çç
 øø
 øæç
 Haha nice
 Chris Miller just got engaged
 ò wow
" Had to read that a few times. Dang, congrats to him."
 Yeah
 I think he's been with that girl for a while.  He seems happy.
 Shit I keep forgetting were all approaching 30. We started college in 2k6...Life
 We're*
 
" Damn, good for him"
 Seems like he got his life together pretty well since the last time we saw him
 Yeah.  Come a long way from blacking out and chasing people around in a parking lot with a knife
 We did personality tests for a team building exercise. Was all out objective thinker but totally bottomed out in the pessimist/aloof/reticent department. Basically I'll get the job done right but I gives zero fucks about team feelings lol.
 Haha 'team feelings'
 
 It's a little blurry. It says #buttstuff
 Haha #buttstuff
 That's awesome
 Is that a bmx bike with grinding pegs lol?
 I think it just might be
 
 Is #buttstuff a movement?
 Movement of stuff in and around the butthole.
 Haha was wondering why it was a pretty professional sticker and also why it was a hashtag. Was butt stuff trending?
" Details are a little hazy, but I had a dream where we got a bunch of strippers and had a deep philosophical conversation with them."
" And to answer your question, Alex, "
""
" Hahaha, amazing"
 Haha man that is great
" 'Butt Stuff is something everybody can really get behind. While the other parties bring up the rear, Butt Stuff 2016 is working to bring pleasure to YOU."
""
 
 Haha nice
 Nice printer orientation bruh
 Lol yeah the color printer messed up on intake.
 You guys feel like coming up to VT again for New Years? I'll be up there and you're all invited
 Does the pope shit in the woods?
 Hells yes. I'll try not to disappear before midnight this year.
" Haha awesome. Butze, could you extend an invite to Rob too"
 Ok cool I will
 Thanks for inviting us. It was awesome last year
" Great, should be a lot of the same group this year, so it should be pretty fun again"
 #blessed moments
 Nice.  Can't wait
 Gonna get schwifty in here
 
" Haha, excellent use of 'majesty'"
 Have you guys seen the video of bill burr explaining how to bake a pie crust? Hilarious
 http://youtu.be/LoWCMzHWlRk
 Haha that's amazing.  He should have his own cooking show
" I was thinking the exact same thing, 'Go Fuck Yourself: Cooking with Billy Red Face'"
 I could watch him demonstrate just about anything
 I need bill burr to come in my office and demo stamps.com.
" For real, we keep running out of stamps and having to make runs to the post office."
 lol
 'Stamps.com everybody! Ya gonna love it.  No more waitin in line at the post office like a fuckin jackass'
 http://www.theonion.com/article/health-experts-recommend-standing-up-at-desk-leavi-37957?utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium=SocialMarketing&utm_campaign=LinkPreview:NA:InFocus
 Haha the very last sentence of the article is perfect
 Haha yeah
 
 Hahaha that's amazing.  You know she's gonna love it lol
 It's for this secret Santa ornament swap that we do on my mom's side of the family. So she's not even going to know who it's from as she opens it. Can't wait
 Haha nice
 Prescribed calls are always hilarious when I have nurse coming through the headset on one ear and DMX playing in the other ear.
 Especially when the nurse gives me wrong info and DMX punctuates with 'you think this is a game!!!'
 Woof woof!
 Check out this blurb for Bill Burr's interview with Jimmy Fallon
 
 Haha classic billy
 Lol. Great description.
 His rant is great too. Can't wait for his series to come to Netflix on Friday
" Just watched the clip, so good.  I love that man so much.  Keepin it real for all us sinners"
 
 Oh shit he's taking Roy off the grid!
 Hahaha
 Porn must look weird in that format
 
" When I see Christmas lights strung up in the neighborhood, I don't think about Christmas hogwash. Rather, I remember the time we spelled Prudence with lights and we were the cool kids... Good times."
" I honestly was a huge fan of those Christmas lights. The blow up Santa's/frosty the snowmen, not so much"
" Hey man, now that you're an official homeowner, you can continue the tradition of gaudy Christmas decoration"
 Maybe give it a festive 'holiday booyah' theme
" Like one of those blinking motion light setups, where a nutsack made of lights goes in and out of a butthole"
 Maybe you can do one of those music synced l
""
 Lol. No Christmas lights for the place. It's an ugly rear unit building. Strictly clear heels updates.
 Hey this is Aru. When are you having your slumlord house party?!?! I volunteer jmmys place for the venue....
 Prudennnncee
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TPXWZxtDooY
" Amazing, love when the lady was like 'we got the lyrics to Rudolph' and X was like 'bitch, please! I know the damn lyrics! *bark *bark'"
 Lol DMX.
 And I just noticed Aru's post. Hope she didn't read any other posts in the thread.
" Damn, just did my intro call to my tenant. The seriousness of this endeavor finally hit me. I feel like I should out on some real pants."
 Your adult game is so strong right now
 Damn man that's a pretty big 'successful adult' moment
 I'm pretty sure Aru is okay with our level of humor
" I don't know about this 'successful adult' thing. All the stress, coffee, and fast-food/office Christmas dessert meals; really been taking a toll on my field goal percentage. Been Shaq-ing the porcelain."
 
 Nice. Where's that rock?
 Brooklyn boulders. The gym near my place
 You guys see that new star wars movie yet?
" Just gotta say, it was super weird watching Sean's old profile pic as a sith lord"
 Darth Sneaky Butcher?
 But haven't seen it yet. Heard it was good. Though I'm afraid I'm gonna be thinking about cabbage patch doll lunchboxes when kylo ren appears.
 I'm seeing it tomorrow.  Didn't know that dude was in it
 Lol yeah I mean it's not a spoiler or anything but it was jarring as fuck when you see his face
 Just imagining him from girls
 Being creepy as ever
 Saw Star Wars today.  Yeah it was decent but Adam Driver as the villain definitely didn't work.  Maybe if I hadn't seen girls and watched him jizz on Lena Dunham
 Any film or show he appears in I just think cabbage patch whisperer.
 Some things you just can't un-see
 
 Goddamn you could cook some quality dope in that
 Damn so auth
 
 Guessing that's the basement unit?
 Yep that's where I'll be living. A mouth's a mouth.
 Nice.  And two other units above?
 Three. The basement is an illegal 4th attached to unit 1
 Aww sheeut.  Dat cash flow
 Maybe you should start a brothel.
 Rubs and tizzugs
 Haha 'tizzugs'
 
 
 Dang lost my photos when I changed phones. Was gonna drop the middle school photo of Sean captioned dem nippies.
 Lol I'm sure Alex still has it
 
 YESSS
 
 That's a real gem right there
 Haha amazing and probably practical too
 'Just dump and slow cook' That's my technique when I clog the toilet and avoid grabbing the plunger.
 Yeah can't wait to try it out.  That Cathy Mitchell looks like she knows a thing or two about dumps
 Crockpots are great for making bachelor chow.
 Curious about Cathy's dump cakes
 Sounds like something from urban dictionary
 
 Haha
 
 What's a classic neighborhood? Formerly impoverished and non-white?
 The lofts at kenny's house
 
 Merry Christ yall.  Hope you like my disturbingly accurate personal Bitmoji.
 Yeah merry Christ. That emoji is def disturbing
 Wait what is going on in that card?
 There's someone else in the bed
 I thought it was one of those 'excited to get up on christ morning' kind of things
 I guess it's a Christmas B and E featuring animated Sean
 
 That's amazing
 Hahaha just read this string of messages. That custom bitmoji is hilarious
 You guys should all make one.  It's fucking hilarious
" Was gonna say it seems a little basic, but then again I just made a Pinterest."
 Lol yeah it's kinda basic but
 it's so fun though
 
 Yesssss!! So good
 
 Is there one that says butt stuff?
 hahaha
 
 Ears eyebrows and noses are apparently necessities
 
 Dang that Mr poopybutthole emoji looks like a cancer patient with liver failure.
 Haha nice!
 Look at all these zany characters.  It's like a Where's Waldo in here
 lol
 
 these are pretty fun
 I know.  Endless entertainment
 Still laughing at dave's description of Jimmy's mr. Poopybutthole
 
 Marty McFly is fucked
 It's the point in human history when legs became vestigial appendages.
 So when you guys coming up to VT?
 
 Hahaha awesome
 I'm boarding in Colorado for the next 4 days.  Flying back late on the 30th.  So I'm planning to drive up on the 31st with Rob
" I'll be coming up on the 31st as well. Although, Sean, do you want to carpool? I think I might be in Somerville to check on the house."
 Nice
 Yeah we can probably carpool
 Alex let me know what i can bring
" If all you guys could just bring a towel, pillow, and a sleeping bag. Most likely won't need the sleeping bag, but just in case."
 Ok
 What about food and drink
" Don't worry about food or drink, we're gonna have a ton of stuff"
 Aight
" The other day my cousin's kid got a new tablet and I was helping him set it up. The gmail stuff was easy, but then came the security part, Facebook, privacy and parental monitoring part. It then dawned on me just how woefully inept I'd be at raising a kid in the internet age. I have no idea how to keep a child safe from the horrors of the internet."
 
 Haha
 Yeah it's pretty much impossible
 
 Lol nice
 Classic James puttin in extra hours
 Lol its my first day back this week
 According to the schedule there will be less people here on Wed and Thurs
 Looks like someone can work with no pants.
 You coming to VT James?
" As much as I'm a fan of hanging with my dick out, I think I'll avoid that while I'm out of the house"
" No, not gonna be able to come this year"
 My gramma's funeral is the 2nd so I'm gonna avoid being too far from Stamford this year
 :(
 I'll be more than happy to make the trip up any other time you guys have free
 Sry bout your grandma bro
 Thanks man. We all sort of saw it coming a way off but it was tough on the family all the same
 Hope y'all have a good time up in VT though
 Gonna miss searching the house for Dave at 10pm
 We'll drink extra for you
 Maybe we'll get one of those kiddie leashes for Dave and tether him to the house LOL
 Hey man I never left the house I just needed a nap.
" Jim, sorry to hear about your grandma."
" Sorry to hear about your Grandma, Jim. We'll definitely have another trip up to VT in the new year. My parents also just recently bought a house on the beach in Madison, CT, so we'll all have to get together there one of these weekends"
 Thanks guys. And yeah any time you guys happen to be free would be cool with me. Madison is super close to where I live too
 https://vine.co/v/imx3OVi9zej
 Audio nsfw
 Hahaha
 
 Email ads
" Sheeeuuutt, dat ass tho haha"
 When are you guys coming up today?
 I'm leaving work at 6. Should be there a little before 9
 I'm leaving Boston between 3 and 4
 Sounds good
 https://youtu.be/sS_cAAAhgPM
 
 On our way
 
 
 Have fun guise
" When you guys get here, park up in the second driveway"
 
 
 
" What do you guys think of making a beer tasting app? It's basic function would be to let people join a 'tasting chat' like what we have here in WhatsApp, then the group would enter the names of beers as they try them and the group could rate each one as they drink. The app would tally the scores and keep track of everyone's tastes. There could even be a means of sharing 'playlists' of beer lineups for tastings. You could get other users to recommend good tasting lineups like 'great VT IPAs' for example. Or you could even get master Brewers to design playlists that highlight what they are trying to accomplish with their beers. There could also be a function that works like that community playlist app that Rob and Butze had at that party at Rob's house. Butze, would this be possible to program? We could get Rob involved too."
 Sounds like a good idea. Linking it up with brewers and package stores would be key. Make it an avenue for promotion.
 Sounds like a cool idea.  I'll talk to rob about it this week
" Cool, sounds good. Dave, thinking more along the promotions line, imagine if you could walk into any of those huge beerfests and the app would give you and your friends possible tasting routes through the festival to travel so that you could strategically go about your tasting experience. All the while you can rate the beers in realtime with your group."
" Alex, how did the fermentation bucket look. Any bubbling or warmth coming off the bucket? Maybe some bread smell."
 Wasn't any bubbling so my dad took a quick peak under the lid. he said that despite the lack of bubbles it looks like something is happening.
 Hmm. There might be some growth lag time before the yeast population explodes and they start putting up condos in the bucket.
 Unfortunately there's no thermometer on the bucket. A temperature rise would mean activity.
 We should have drilled another bunghole for checking temperature. A 'thermobung' haha
 The 'you gonna get DP'ed any goddamn way' clip just played in my head'
 Haha
 I think my coworkers are struggling to grasp my 'you need to break some eggs to make an omelette' approach to healthcare. Sometimes there's outliers and you just gotta say fuck 'em. Don't got the resources to cater to every one.
 
 https://mobile.twitter.com/MHalieee/status/670898869194985472
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.untappdllc.app
 Oo looks like some other people had Alex's idea too
" It could always be emulated and bested with good marketing. Maybe force your way in by taking a key metro area, ie Boston."
 
 Dang that looks good! You made that!?
 
 Yeah I did!
 It's awesome
 
 http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/12/14/existential-riddles
" ÄIÄm going to die someday,Äù the man whispers."
 Haha that was my favorite one
 The piano key one was good too.
 Remind me of this.
 
 Haha
" Alex, how's the beer bucket looking?"
" Not sure, my parents have been in CT this week. Hopefully it's going well"
 Found a great intro book to mathematical logic for free online. Just google 'how to prove it pdf' and it'll come up
 Nice
" As I sit in traffic, I notice how absurd it is that each person lugs at least +3000 lb of empty car to and from work. There has to be a way to take advantage of all this wasted movement. Kinda like how red blood cells jostle around there circulatory network but act as carriers."
 I'd guess people's desire for independence/autonomy is greater than their dislike of traffic or cost of driving.  Probably won't change until overpopulation reaches a critical point or fuel costs become prohibitive
 Or if public transit becomes good enough so that people don't feel like they lose any autonomy by choosing it.
 
 Lol
 So I made a noob scripting mistake this morning
 Wasn't paying attention to my code and accidentally made a looping recursive program that started up multiple copies of itself every loop
 I tried manually closing it before I realized what was going on
 There were a couple hundred programs running after a minute or two
 HAHAHAHA
" I was laughing way too much at my futile attempt, figured I'd share"
 Classic
 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fork_bomb
 Hahahaha I literally fork bombed myself
 I feel a little better knowing it has a name
 Yep
 
 Got so much noob sauce on myself
 And here I was thinking that my beard basically added the equivalent of an associates in cs
" 'The Minivan':  two in the front, five in the back"
 Am I completely perverting this statement or does it really mean what I'm thinking.
 Yes it does
 Picked it up from amy schumer's new HBO special. It's pretty good
 
 Lol nice
 I looked up the minivan on urban dictionary. I guess I over-perverted the definition. It involves hands. Not an insane gang bang scenario.
 Oh really? I assumed the latter as well.  Still hilarious either way
 Fucked up minds think alike
 What's some good music to do math to? Already exhausted the Com Truise catalogue
 Tycho
 Yeah tycho
 Also this https://open.spotify.com/user/spotify/playlist/2ujjMpFriZ2nayLmrD1Jgl
" Oh yeah, nice, I had forgot about Tycho, thanks! Thanks for the playlist too!"
 2chainz
 Or you could listen to nonstop trap if you wanna feel like you're driving the formula for slanging dope
 Deriving*
 Derive up to the club with my ceiling missing
 The newest Helios album is also amazing.  Similar to Tycho
 https://open.spotify.com/album/34CpMn9yU8iDcXDaSkrqXu
 If you don't mind podcasts you might enjoy stuff you should know. I work to it a lot - it's light enough that you don't feel like you miss out on much by not paying attention
" Sweet, bout to get mad rhombus up in here"
 Mathbonus is really good for working to too
 Homeownership is like having a small child. So many things to pay for. I guess the object of life is to make a ton of money so you can just pay to fix the house and raise your kids.
 Pay people*
 
 Haha
 But seriously I just roughed it on a tarp. Would not recommend.
 Jesus man you shoulda told me sooner I would have lent you the air mattress
 I take it as penance. I may be stuffing some poor students in the basement.
 Oh yeah?
 My realtor found me two business students looking for accommodations on the cheap.
" Alex, is the homebrew bucket healthy and fermenting?"
 Seems to be! My dad just started the secondary fermentation. Hopefully it comes out well. My uncle Pat's also for a batch going. He bought kettle and a fermenting tank after we did the Mutt's Nuts batch in VT
 Oooo weee everyone's brewing
" Yup, the two batches should be done around the same time too, so there's gonna be a lot of beer to drink"
 Oooo wee he's tryin!!
 I'm looking at the various versions of turbotax and all I can think of is the making the band. 'You just gonna do your taxes right now. Is that hot? Is that what's going down in the streets?'
 Lol
 So I've been playing around with that face swap app
 Decided to try it on that pic you guys sent for nye
 
 Lol
 Hahahaha
 Scrolling through the 'people you may know' page on LinkedIn and laughing at how virtually all of the d-bag types I knew from high school are all 'business analysts' and 'account executives'
 Isn't that like corporate entry level.
 Or at least in pharma/pharma advertising
 Yeah that's entry level biz
 I don't think they have a position called 'fresh from business school' so they slap the word analyst on it
 Fresh fruit cocktail for management
 It's really weird in the finance industry too because that's what every single entry level person is called
 Most of them don't do any analyses
 Makes me think of that HRO Carles article about buying clothes on entry level wage
 Lol effing jcrew
 Yeah this one dudes job title is literally just 'analyst'
 I think analyst is basically code word for 'I work at the business factory and make excel sheets all day'
 Haha
 It's just a title nowadays like associate or VP
 After ten years everyone is avp
 Account executive is corposeak for salesman
 Your highschool acquaintances can come home every day and tell their loved ones that they did a business
 A VP* not alien vs predator
 speak*
 Yeah
 Went to the stock market and did a business again today
 I've seen some tech companies use the title 'sales engineer' for sales people.  Like LOLwut
 Those kinda buzzwords just make things so much worse
 Just slap engineer on the end of your title and instantly make your job seem cool
 Janitorial Services Engineer
 Buttstuff engineer
 Urnial Cake Replacement Engineer
 urinal*
 Just like those company 'about' pages that all day 'we use data integration and next level insights to produce business intelligence growth across a variety of verticals'
 Hahaha yea
 All say*
 Last year a friend of mine came back from a career fair at school and was like 'Guys! You'll never believe it! All of the companies at the career fair today all do the same thing!'
 We were like 'oh yeah what?'
 'B2b enterprise cloud solutions for the new millennium distilling insights from big data in the cloud!'
 Oh god
 It was so funny
 And then we proceeded to look up random company websites and laugh at the About pages
 Because they really do all sound like that
 It's fucking horrendous actually applying for those jobs too
 They're all exactly the same
 I'm pretty sure I've applied for 30 or 40 places that all do data analytics SaaS that deliver BI insights
 And apparently all of them have yahoo and Microsoft as a client
 Haha yeah
 That's why you need to start Mooradian Tech.
 And fluff up the company description
 It's pretty frustrating.  Feels like close to half of all tech companies basically just make some kind of analytics platform
" I'm convinced that they do, honestly"
 Most of them seem like they're just more user friendly versions of SQL
" Here's the play: leverage the trend and build a software framework for building analytics business insight platforms.  Like just study all of the common features and package them up.  'Instant analytics company, just add water and buzzwords'"
 Hahah
" Like build a bear, but for genetic data companies"
 Generic*
 If it weren't for a lot of companies having just the worst data management possible that would be super easy to do
 But those SaaSes aren't for those people anywau
 Just get something colorful and blocky
 Like those donut peg games for toddlers but in app form
 Yeah
 I feel like you could just tell those people about weka
 Or just make weka look colorful and shit
 Hahaha yeah
 Not a bad idea.  Just build a pretty UI over weka.  Boom $100 million VC investment
 Colorful charts and numbers fuck you you'll buy it
 I think that's what some companies have already done with hadoop
 Combine weka with shiny
 I guess there's a need for it
 Yeah
 What's that funky smell in the basement. Dead mice. #traphouseproblems
 
" Haha awesome, just heard his radio show on Monday. He kept playing this band called Soft Moon. Even did 3 songs of theirs in a row"
 Nice
" Anyone know an efficient algorithm or ideally pre-written program for finding shortest paths between all pairs of nodes in a network where the links between nodes are weighted?  They have something like that for traffic, Jim?"
 I usually use a premade algo built into the software i use
 The greedy algorithm is pretty decent for a simple one
 But I'm told there's a better algorithm to be used that you can probably find in an algorithms textbook
 What's the software you use? Can it handle 1000's of nodes?
 Oh yeah
 CUBE voyager
 I use
" Nice, sweet name haha"
" Most of my networks are 5000 zones, maybe 60-100k nodes"
 Yeah lol
 TransCAD is similar
 If you have access to CUBE I can give you a bunch of scripts
 It's not super common outside of industry asaik
 AFAIK*
" Cool, i'll look into those and see what UConn has licenses for. Thanks."
 You need that Dijkstras algorithm brah
 I think Python has a pretty robust graph library that can probably do it for you in like 2 lines of code
" Yeah, I mostly worried about computation time. I will have relatively large spatial graphs and I want to couple the flow through multiple graphs, so I might need to solve them multiple times. Python's a good idea though. Probably has some parallel options"
 Yeah I mean python packages are hit and miss sometimes but I imagine a dijkstra package would work decently
 Cython integration helps too
 How is your network set up?
 Youd likely have to reestablish it somehow depending on the program you use
" I can represent it in any form I want. I have the fundamental data as ASCII files. Just found something called NetworkX for Python, which could be helpful"
 Might work decently for what you need. CUBE definitely does the job quickly (think probably 1-2 hour on a single core for 3000-5000 zones to load the path at equilibrium and maybe a minute or two to find a single iteration set of shortest paths) but you might not have access to it
 If you're not doing equilibrium network loading I wouldn't worry too much about computation time
 Unless the algo is poorly optimized i wouldn't imagine more than 10 minutes for single iteration on one core
 https://networkx.github.io/documentation/latest/reference/algorithms.shortest_paths.html
" Cool, ok, I'm going to try some options out and see what I have access too. Thanks for the infos."
 
 I think just 2 more weeks until drinking
 Ooo wee
 You guys wanna do a trip up to VT in a couple weeks when they're done?
 Ohh yeah that'd be awesome
 Aw snap macaroni party
 Oo damn
 Yeah I'd definitely be in for that
 As long as its not valentines day weekend I'm good to go
" Plus, I miss you guys. It's been like 4-5 months now"
 Ya we miss u james
 bb <3
 Lmao
 I'm free in February except the 20th. So id be down to come up to vt
 Might be a good time to roast a turkey again too
 
 Lol
 One on the right looks like some kind of sexual thing
 
 Found this today at amity
 It's made by the same guys who make the vacuum beers
 Haha nice
 So what weekend would work for everyone?
 I'm free the weekend of the 27-28th
 Unless I need to show a unit to renters
 I think that would work for me as well
 That one works for me too
" Sheeuuutt, I have to go to Long Island that weekend to do experiments. Would the weekend after work?"
 Not for me 
 I suppose I could sit this one out if we can't make something work.  Don't wanna deprive everyone of homemade beer
 We can always do it the week after that. It's not like it goes bad in a couple weeks
 Alright yeah I might be able to do the week after
 
 Complete opposite of the standing desk
 Looks like some kind of high tech station for j'in it
 Just thought I'd bear grylls 'lay back and think of the mother land.....ughhh'
 Of*
 Just load up a separate video on each screen and really treat yourself
 Although the design looks like you'd have to spend like 4 full minutes getting in and out of that thing
 Install a toilet hole in that recliner and baboom problem solved
 That incline might also the golden angle of optimal bowel evacuation.
 Be*
 Desk is probably best for a masturbatorium.
 Nothing. But. Net.
 Haha gross
 
 Hahahaha
 Hahahaha this convo = gold
" So I can almost definitely do the weekend of March 11, if that jives with the rest of y'all"
 Works for me
" I think I just had one of the nerdiest thoughts of my life. Was doing some math for this model I'm making and I thought to myself: 'Ah Math, the Sam to my Frodo. At times, I resent him, but in the end, I'll be glad he's always there.' Combo math and fantasy literature nerddom."
 Damn you really haven't touched a woman in a while huh
 Lol
 Haha. Sam and Frodo were quite the special buddies.
 Hahaha
 Lol maths. Your companion on the journey of life
 I guess in this analogy mount doom is hell but you get the idea
 
 
 
 Those are some nice ass loafs
 Sneaky Baker?
 Hahaha yep
 You should start making dark pump loafs.
 Haha yeah I should
 Bread of choice for the Hot Carl sandwich
 And today we have to call a priest to let him know his estrogen is denied....should be a good conversation.
 Lol
 You guys seen this Donald Trump lebowski mashup? So good https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h6oxvm9Q68Q
 Haha that is pretty great.
 Lol nice
 
 HereÄs a song for youÄ¶ The Ballad Of Martyn Bootyspoon by Sinjin Hawke
""
 Not sure I've shared this before but this is a hilarious transition track on the sinjin hawke album.
 Lol nice
 Job listing 'Benefits: Great benefit package'
 This comes from an ad agency listing too.  Sounds like dental is optional.
 It's an employer's market man. Most places could offer euthenasia as the only provided healthcare benefit and people would still apply.
 
 
 It's upsetting how poorly we treat workers in this country
 'Murica
" We're pretty fucking terrible. To be fair, its expected vs mandatory (like I think in Japan it's expected that you work 60-80 hour weeks regardless) but still"
 We're pretty great at fucking over the common man
 Yeah the Japanese are workaholics too.  But vast majority of developed nations are so much better.  It's embarrassing
 Yeah
" I mean I know Spain is doing pretty poorly at the moment, but it sounds pretty idyllic there based on things I hear from George and manuella"
" People working maybe 20-30 hours a week, having week-long holidays, and just generally chilling so hard"
 Yeah.  European culture is great.
 Well at least our work culture is still better than Asia.
 Just gotta marry a European chick.  Get that dual citizenship.  Ahbooyah
" Had to deny an infirmed priest's medication. The facility took a while to pull the guy out of bed and into a wheel chair just to receive my call. All the while i was left on hold with choir/Gregorian chant music. Unfortunately the priest was no longer coherent, so i hastily said my bit about denials and ended the call. A most awkward experience to say the least."
 Jesus
 I gotta say man
 Reading those insurance texts feel a lot like watching seasons 2-5 of breaking bad
" Haven't seen breaking bad yet so Im not sure how the show plays out. Wasn't it all about meth, Miami and money."
 I mean Walt gets pretty badass for a good while
 So I'm heading down to the city for everyone's favorite holiday
 Forgot to take into account the fact that florists close at 6-7pm on fridays
 Nice one bro
 Just sneak out in the AM while she's still asleep
 Just bring Mr Poopybutthole.
 I think the plant has flowering potential.
 Lol Mr poopybutthole is a true treasure
 
 
 And that piece will be added to the existential decor in my cube.
 I could see it
 Like one of those exhibits where you wear headphones and you just hear random snippets of 'Kelly Byrne'
 Just barely audible
 Hahaha yeah
 Aw nice was just bought to head to whole foods and grab a bouquet too
 Not too shabby
 Definitely make sure they havent been sitting for a week or two. Otherwise they're great
 Sign I'm getting old: starting to really enjoy going to the home depot.
 Got a nice little Sunday planned out?
" At work I'm known for making sure cases are airtight and hands are clean for decisions. Apparently, the method has been holding up stuff for members/patients."
 I guess I'm this guy:   http://i.bittwiddlers.org/KHt.gif
 Hahaha
 That's cold
 Nah I'm not deliberately delaying approvals. Just making sure nothing can get flipped on me in an audit and as much liability as possible gets thrown on the prescriber.
 Healthcare is a rough place gotta keep a tight butthole.
 
 
 #sneakybaker
" Damn, that looks good!"
" I'm going to be in Boston visiting Kelly this weekend. Dave and Sean, will you guys be around?"
 Thanks!
 Yeah I think I'll be around.  We should hang
 That's a fine looking loaf you got that. Should open a bakery. Lots of nice retail spaces vacating in East Somerville and hurting for some young gentrifiers to bring 'hip' to the neighborhood.
 There*
 Unfortunately I won't be in cousin this weekend. Carpet store stuff and dates.
 Boston*
" Alright, cool, I'll link up with you, Butze, via text once I know exactly when I'll be up there."
 Cool
 
 Haha life
 
 
 Hahaha that really is the perfect response
 Had a dream last night and all of you were in it. Alex had his graduation party at Chuckie Cheese. Fun times.
 Hahahaha amazing.  Can we do that for real?
 Lmao that sounds pretty great
 Tying one on reeeal tight at our good buddy Chuck E.'s place
 An entire afternoon at Blips and Chitz!!!!!
 Hahaha we could take over the ball pit
 When i see the the security question: what is your all time favorite pastime?  I want to answer: Marathon wanking in the masturbatorium. Probably make a good conversation starter when a customer rep needs to confirm my identity.
 It'd be especially hilarious if they ask you to spell that please haha
 You guys remember this classic bear grylls clip? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=L6ytCxm62fk
 Hahaha
" 'Sorry, sorry'"
 Another terrifying demo from Boston dynamics https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rVlhMGQgDkY
" Awesome. I'm not a Luddite, so I'm OK with the whole robots and AI replacing humanity thing."
 And when the robot was knocked down I thought about keyboard kid 'g g g get up mom.'
 Lol so great
" Some guy on imgur wrote wrote captions to narrate the video, really makes it hit home"
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/XxL7G
 #robotlivesmatter
 Oh my god
 So funny
 
" Hey so, serious question"
 Is 'one and done' innuendo
 Matter of context.
 I wrote a report on modeling approaches and I've labelled my preferred approach the 'one and done technique'
 But it's pretty benign and commonly used
 Should be alright. Not like the model is named rail and bail
 Sorta sounds like I'm advocating for premature ejaculation all over TDMs
 Lmao
 But maybe
 Oh yeah there's the the prejac definition too.
 It's a double innuendo
 I guess
 Maybe I'm advocating promiscuity and quickies
 Is that what the transportation engineering industry is all about?
" Mostly, yeah"
 Living life in the fast lane
 Best way to make money in the industry
 Or hov lane
 Express land dude
 Or managed lane if you're in some states
 Clearly it just means I need to rename my other approach to the 'clown on that model technique'
 Please name a model dog washing and have it published in a renown textbook.
 That's the dream
" Then in subsequent textbooks written by other authors, there'd be chapters called Mooradian's Dog Washing Model"
" There'd be engineers who would have difficult traffic problems and others would consult them saying things like, 'have you tried dog washing, I.e., Mooradian's method?'"
 I would love to see those citations
" 'Queue accumulation for toll assignent models was first refined via dog washing (Mooradian, 20always)"
 Would really make me appreciate my accomplishments in life
 You'll be on the cover of Time. James Mooradian eliminates all traffic by dog washing.
 LOL
" I don't think one and done has sexual connotation, for what it's worth"
 Pump and dump does though. Just in case you were considering that as an alternative
 Hahaha
 Rail and bail
 Hit it and quit it's
 it*
" The 'wham-bam-thankyou-Pam' model of queue accumulation (Mooradian et al, 2016)"
 The 'nutnutnutnutnut nutsack in da asshole'
 Built upon the previously discovered method of 'flipping the dick down'
 Are we on for VT in two weeks?
" I'm in. On the 12th, right?"
 Cool.  Yeah
 Dave and Jim?
 Yeah still in for sure
" I think I can, depends on the house"
 Sweet
 So I'm planting hops rhizomes in the spring. Should have a shit load of hops mid summer. Anybody want to play around with some next level brewing?
 Damn nice
 I prob won't be around during the summer though
 Oh are you moving out of the Boston area?
 Not sure yet but either way I'm going to South America during the summer.
 Should I bring my turkey up to vt next week. If so I'll start the defrosting process.
 
 I'm probably gonna make bread.  Taking requests.  Was thinking of doing homemade Dark Pump
 Aw shit the Sneaky Baker bringing loafs
 You know it
 Definitely bring the turkey. Bout to be a straight up feast.
" Guess I'll do a little research, see if there are more next-level ways to cook a turkey"
" Left a generic hipaa privacy compliant message on an answering machine. Patient's wife calls back asking what was approved. Per privacy regs we can't say which med, but they can asked if a med is approved. She asks about her husband's cialis. We tell her yes it's approved. She's extremely happy. That's my job. I restore the dick supply in old couple's marriages."
 Ahbooyah
 Touching lives one dick at a time
 Haha gross
 I think I'm the only person in the office that's totally amped that my denial case is going before a judge. First in company history.
 
 Got excited for a second. Thought Jim was dropping another office track
 The return of Cindy Byrne
 Uh oh. Just learned I can't have a beard and wear a standard respirator mask. Either gotta shave or drop a good amount of money on a Vader mask.
 Why do you need to wear a respirator mask?
" Need to remove some tile work. Lots of fine particulate, likely lead paint."
 Yeah but think of all the sweet urban exploration you could do with a Darth Vader respirator
 You know how you can get collagen to puff up lips. Now you can get injections right in the butt hole too. Got a loose butthole? No problem. A couple back door injections and you'll be holding back the chocolate river like that Dutch kid with his thumb. Must be a godsend for extreme anal open porn stars in their retirement years.
 Yeah I had to deny the butthole med today after doing extensive research.
 Lol
 Their tag line should be 'Ass so tight it won't even let the nuts out yeaaaa'
 Thumbs up from Tony Eveready
 Hahaha loled at the Dutch boy reference
 You guys ready to get weird this weekend?
 Sheeeeiit you know it
 When are you all going to arrive? I'm going up tomorrow morning and am going to work from up there for tomorrow afternoon and Friday
 Rob and I are gonna try to leave Boston around 330 on Friday
 I got with until 5 Friday so ETA 8-830
 Work*
 Nice
 Planning to bring up dough to make bread with.  What else do we need?
" Sounds like I'll be last to the party, got that 530ish departure"
 I can grab a few supplemental beers for us
" Sweet, my mom also made chili and some chicken salad. What we typically lack during these weekends is fruits and veggies. Although, I think my mom usually has a box of lettuce and spinach handy."
 I was gonna say I can grab some plants to bring up
 Though I think it might just be easiest to grab some veggies at the shaws
" Yeah, that's probably true"
 Looks like it'll be good weather this weekend. Could potentially do a hike or at least play some cornhole in the backyard
 I'm down to hike.  Been a while
 I need to hike. Gotta do it so I don't feel like I'm full of shit when talk to dates.
 I*
" Haha great, we can see if the snow is melted enough. Should be good though"
 Is the kayaking place open?
 Might be a little cold for kayaking.
" Butze, your car had 4wd, right? It's mud season here and the road's a little dicey at the moment. My CRV makes it fine, but you have to be a little careful. Dave, let us know when you get to downtown Ludlow and we've arranged for you to be able to park your car at our neighbor's closer to where the road is still paved. Jimmy is your car 4wd? If not, you can also park at our neighbor's. Just let us know when you're close."
 Ah OK. I could still give the road a shot. As long as there's no ice/snow. The tires are pretty decent for wet traction in moderately warm weather.
 Unless the road becoming a +6inch deep chocolate river?
 Ok. Yeah I got dat 4wd
 I'll have to park on pavement most likely - my car is kinda iffy in mud and snow
 None of that 4wd
" Yeah, I'm not sure how bad it is now, but during the rain yesterday, it was approaching 6in deep chocolate River. Dave and Jim, just let us know when you're close and we'll meet you at a place to park. Butze, you should be good to go."
 Side note: '6 inch deep chocolate river' probably could be a scat porn title.
 Cool
 Leaving Boston now
" Alex, what would the easiest way to contact you be"
" Not sure how cell access, etc is near ludlow"
 Also at your house
 The landline at the house is 802 975 0586. The cell service in downtown ludlow should be fine. Let us know when you're to the stoplight in town and we'll head down the hill to our neighbor's as you head up
" Power dumped, hitting the road now"
" Awesome, thanks alex"
" I'll let you know when i get on the road, should be about 30-45 mins from now"
" Alright, heading out now. I'll see you guys in a few hrs"
" Cool, see you guys in a little bit"
 Where should I park?
" Jimmy, Dave's car made it up the hill. It's up to you if you want to try, but it's not problem to drop your car off at out friend's down the hill. Let me know"
" Alex, me Sean and Dave ran out to Shaw's to grab the rest of the food"
 Well be back in 15-20
 Ok cool
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
" Thanks for posting the recipe, Butze! Definitely going to try it out. Could you post the pumpernickel one? Think I'm going to try to do that one to go with reubens"
 
 
 
 Aw nice
 
 Nice.  Yeah they have a few different books
" Awesome, thanks!"
" Today I learned that after paying 26k in taxes, I don't have a $75 tax return but actual owe another 10k. The government just flipped the dick down on my wallet."
 Minecraft to run artificial intelligence experiments - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-35778288
 So soon there'll be a AI agent with a nerdy voice giving a YouTube tour of his minecraft world? Can't wait
 Honestly though that's really neat
" If that stuff was around when I was like 10-12 years old, I'd be all over that shit"
 Even now I might give it a go
 The pumpernickel bread recipe calls for 'cornstarch wash' and cites a sidebar on pg 51. Could you snap a photo of that and send it?
" That's the part when you dump the ball of dough into the trash and remember that as time stretches out all human projects will dissolve and fail. The striving towards the pumpernickel bread must, in the end, be enough."
 Lol perfecr
 perfect*
 
 
 Hahaha
""
 Haha yeah
 
 Looks good to me
 
" Haha, his face is truly off putting"
 
 Nice loafs
 And this https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-fallible-mind/201601/why-ted-cruz-s-facial-expression-makes-me-uneasy
 Wow nice! Looks tasty
 Where'd you get the seeds?
 Hope my gluten free loafs come out that nice tomorrow.
" I got the caraway seeds at price chopper. They were with all of the spices. Good luck with the gluten free loaves, Wu! You doing those for a date, right? Even if they come out badly, it should still be fun. It's the 'striving that must suffice' haha"
 Yep some hands on bread making activities for a date. Artisan bread and chill.
 The loaves look a lot lighter than I would expect.  Did you omit any ingredients?
" The only thing I did differently from the recipe was I made my own caramel color. That's probably why. Instead of as a powder, I had it as a liquid, so maybe I should have used more to get it darker."
 Ah ok
 This is the caramel color recipe that I used
 
 
 Nice!
 Looks tasty
 
 
" Rasputin, not exactly a lightweight."
 No sir
 So I guess I'm going to this girl's med school formal. Good thing I didn't follow through with the dates with the other girls in her program.
 Lol
 
 Nice!
 
 
 Hahaha
" Butze, are you in Tennessee? Or is that in Boston?"
 Yes Tennessee
" Nice, was probably some good eatin there I bet"
 You on a job interview? Just some vacation?
 Visiting my brother and his family
 Yeah Memphis bbq is da bomb
 The south really does have some redeeming qualities after all
 Keyword: 'Some'
 Might be its only redeeming quality
 Although isn't the Memphis real estate market hot shit right now?
 Just for rent cash flow according to my bro.  Super cheap property but no value appreciation
 
 Sheeeeut
 Damn that bread looks pretty legit
" Thanks. As it turns out, it was slightly underbaked in the middle. Still dialing it in. Also, you guys might find this amusing. I'm parallelizing my Matlab for that network problem I'm working on and it basically involves switching the command 'for' to 'parfor'. Pretty far from the metal."
 
 Haha nice
 
 
 
 
" Didn't use caramel color, but increased the amounts of cocoa, molasses and coffee to darken the color.  Worked decently well"
 Oh shit that double dark pump
 So apparently there was an attempt at conversational AI by Microsoft
 http://www.socialhax.com/2016/03/24/microsoft-creates-ai-bot-internet-immediately-turns-racist/
 Went about as well as one would assume
 lol that's amazing
 Haha amazing and simultaneously horrifying 
""
 I need to find a gluten free version of the dark pump.
 Thanks! A couple things:  If the dough has already been refrigerated you generally need to increase the pre-bake resting time by about 1.5x to 2x.  Also you may just need to bake it longer.  I've yet to over-cook a loaf.  I use a kitchen scale to weigh the dough beforehand to know how big the portion is.  The book's bake times assume a certain weight.  The time has to be increased if the loaf is heavier.
 
 Thanks!
 You bet
 
" So I have an email specifically for house related things: correspondences with tenants, contractors, and bank stuff. Based on the ads for 50+ dating sites, I think Google has lumped me in to the middle age demographic."
 
 WOW
 The post-we kept it together for the kids demographic
 Is that real life?
 That's so fucking sad
 Yeah I'm not sure what's worse. Making divorce as easy as ordering pizza with phone sticks from grubhub or the fact that marketers have determined that divorce services are in demand among the middle age demographic.
 
 Haha nice
 Just started Twin Peaks. Love the dialogue. The FBI guy is great
 Nice.  Yeah Kyle McLaughlin really makes the entire show IMO
 
 Sheeeeuuuuuutttt
 Jesus
" Jim, this shortest paths problem I've been working on has brought me to a big data problem. I now have the algorithm so that it can do the calculation graphs with 3-4 thousand nodes and 4-5 thousand edges. The whole calculation takes about 1 min. If I move up to 10 thousand nodes, however, the matrices no longer fit into my computer's physical memory and it freezes. I need to allocate and call memory more efficiently. Any keywords I should look into for solutions? Butze, you have any experience with this?"
" My first thought would be to change the matrix value type, if it's possible to to in MATLAB and you can afford the potential loss of accuracy"
 Are you working with doubles now?
 If you are able to modify to some sort of integer value or a long it would probably be the most straightforward way to use less memory
 Maybe also write out partial matrices
 I wouldn't be sure what to do without looking at the setup in more detail but maybe Sean has better ideas for memory management
 This might help with my first suggestion http://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/numeric-types.html?s_tid=gn_loc_drop
 Depends on how much memory you need to cut
 It's not scalable - still a limit to the number of links and nodes you can use with that approach - but if you're confident you won't have >>10k you are probably safe with a type change
 That's a good idea as a relatively simple first hack at it. I think I can definitely drop some precision.
 Thank you
" NP, good luck with that network"
 And I just walked into this conversation like a child that wanders into the middle of a movie.
" Sorry my whatsapp seemed to have been turned off for the past few days.  I'm not sure off the top of my head but guaranteed there is a solution.  Potentially something even built in to the python library if that's what you're using.  There are all kinds of disk-caching techniques that can get around the memory limit problem, I'm sure there must be something available for graph libraries"
" 10 thousand nodes is not a big number though for a graph, so I'm not sure exactly where the memory problem is coming from.  What data are you storing in each node?"
" Yeah, my WhatsApp does the same thing whenever it updates. It stops giving notifications of messages. I'm definitely going to try Jim's idea of more carefully assigning my data types. Yeah, the problem is that I ultimately need to calculate an N x N matrix where N is the number of nodes whose values depend on 3 other N x N matrices. Each entry i,j of each matrix gives me a certain property of the shortest path from i,j if there is one. I'm doing all of the calculations locally in parallel (the iterations of a for loop are evaluated competitively by the parallel workers) and in order to do that Matlab replicates all of the matrices for each of the workers. When that happens the physical memory gets used up really quickly. Matlab had some documentation for this problem that offers a bunch of potential solutions. I was seeing if you or Jim may have known of one off hand to help me down select from the list."
 What are the values in each matrix?  Also is this a known algorithm or something you came up Erin?
 came up with*
 The values in each matrix are currently 64bit floating point numbers. The algorithm for shortest paths is built in to Matlab and returns a shortest path tree. The part I came up with is basically a depth first search algorithm where the entire tree is traversed and properties of each edge are summed and stored along the way to get all of the shortest path's properties.
 Hmm ok yeah so that's gonna yield 800MB per matrix. And if there's 4 total then 3.2GB.  Doable but if the parallel workers are all making duplicate copies then that's definitely gonna be a problem
 Im assuming the 64 bit numbers are distances or edge weights of some sort?
" Yeah, geometric properties of the edges"
 Right now I'm working on making them all 32bit
 Then I might mess around with distributing the matrices or creating what Matlab called a 'data store' or using a function they have called 'mapreduce'
 Yeah the mapreduce approach is typically applied to these kinds of problems I think
 The real dominating factor is the NxN.  When you have sparse graphs you can use a different representation to use less space but not sure that's applicable to your situation
" Yeah, I already have them represented as sparse. Currently there are a lot of infinities in the entries. Maybe I can convert those to 0's as I go. Luckily the values range from 1 to infinity so I can unambiguously reassign zero to any infinities"
" Well technically 0 and infinity occupy the same amount of bits, unless the implementation doesn't allocate any memory for 0 values.  Hard to say without knowing what's under the hood"
 In Matlab they have a function called sparse that 'squeezes all of the 0's out of a sparse matrix to save space'.
 Oh cool
 Dumb question but is your MATLAB distribution 64 bit? No idea how old your machine is but I'd think a research computer would come with at least 8gb memory
 I feel like just having that squared away would eliminate any need to change your script if it's the difference between 3.2 GB and the 2 GB limit of a 32 bit program
" Yeah, my Matlab is 64 bit. I'm actually running on a super high performance computer with 12 CPUs and 24GB of RAM."
 Okay so 12*3.2 kinda bones you
 Yup
 Do you specify the number of nodes in the mapreduce statement?
 I would probably try running it on like 4 cores first
 Youd have a rough idea of how much memory you're trying to assign if it works/fails
 Because 32 bit vs 64 bit probably won't help if 4*memoryUse still runs into memory issues
" Yeah.  Biggest win would come from reducing duplication of the matrices and somehow allowing workers to handle only subsets of the matrices, which is the kind of thing mapreduce tends to do"
" Would definitely look into the datastore library.  Looks like the kind of thing I've seen in the past to handle super big arrays.  Basically you can store the matrix on disk and read a subset of rows/columns into memory, rather than having to read the entire thing"
 Those are all very good ideas. I'm going to try them out. Thanks!
 
 Aw sheeut
 http://www.theonion.com/article/failure-get-private-college-be-most-financially-re-52673
 Hahaha
 Yep turning down my other acceptances was definitely the most financially sound decision I've made.
 Aww shit nice
 Hope our backseat coding works out for you
 But yeah also totally had the exact same conversation this afternoon
 Lack of crippling student loan debt is so hot right now
 Glad we made the long-term play
 
 Goddamn
 If you pull it off I may have to share with the missus
" Awesome, please do share that recipe when you've got it dialed in. As I was reading through the ingredients the thought 'nothing but net' passed through my mind."
 Hahaha yeah it's most definitely high fiber.  Plus dat Omega-3 hotness via the flax seed
 I could really use some of that right now
 
 We each ate a half chicken worth
 
 
 Hahaha
" Jim, that meal just screams 'ring of fire'"
 That's looks real good though
 Lmao yeah
 Prince's hot chicken
 Apparently the best dish in the city but
 Yeah hot lava poo for the whole next dsy
 Lol
 Backboard shattering
 BOOMSHAKALAKA
 Hahaha
 Tonight I went to the med school formal with the girl I'm dating. I learned that my feelings for this girl are indistinguishable from my feelings for the house I bought. I'm too cold and dead on the inside to bring myself to care about the girls I meet. But I wear a solid good mask.
" Have you been seeing this girl long? I'm definitely no expert, but it can take some time to start to care for somebody just like it takes some time to feel at home in a new house."
" Agree with Alex, it can take time.  But I am more worried about your own mental health.  Feeling 'dead inside' is not normal and very unhealthy.  You should feel free to talk to us any time but also try to get professional help as well.  I have periodically struggled with similar feelings over the past few years and only recently finally decided I am going to do something about it and get help.  It's not a good way to live."
" Well said, Sean. I've also gotten help in the past. I think there's a reason why our group identifies with comics like 'depression parkour'. I don't mean to imply that any of our experiences can be equated exactly. Each person's experience is unique. How's your mindset now, Dave?"
" Thanks for the support. Things have just been really stressful lately, which pulls me to a point where I just avoid emotions. That combined with social anxiety at the formal and being confused by the how carefree her peers seemed basically put me over the edge."
" I'm feeling a bit better now. Although, I'm pretty sure I've been making a poor effort at showing her any affection. And I was particularly detached/sullen Saturday night. We haven't talked since and I'm guessing she's disappointed."
" I can definitely understand.  I've found that social isolation can be a particular hard thing to deal with and overcome.  Especially because it can be self-perpetuating, as in it causes you to feel bad but that in turn can make other people seem even more foreign because it seems like they are living in a different world and can't really understand, which causes you to feel worse, etc.  It's very difficult."
 When it comes to romantic relationships I believe in keeping communication as open as possible.  If you really like this girl and want to make it work I would suggest just being honest with her about what you're going through and how you feel.  It may be difficult for her but it's almost always better to have honest communication than for her to feel like she's in the dark and has no idea what's wrong.  She might be wrongly blaming herself or drawing incorrect conclusions.  You may even find that you feel closer to her after laying it all out on the table.  Maybe not.  But it has worked for me in the past.
" I''ve been thinking about going the honesty route. Although, I just got a splits text. So, I don't know."
 Splits text?
" The 'too busy for a relationship, etc.' Though I know it's because of my emotional unavailability."
" When you spend over two decades learning to remove emotions and building around learning disorders, this is what happens. Works for my job, but completely detrimental for my social life."
" Damn sorry dude that's too bad.  If it were me I would still probably apologize and offer some explanation, just out of courtesy even if it's not going to salvage the relationship."
" Butze's probably right. Nothing to lose doing that. Dave, you should give yourself some more credit for just going to the formal in the first place. That type of stuff can be so overwhelming and exhausting. How do people actually enjoy those things? It's a difficult date night, especially if you just started seeing someone. I definitely would have felt extremely uncomfortable. So definitely give yourself some credit for stepping out of your comfort zone and going at all. Takes some cajones just to be present for something like that, in my opinion at least."
" Yeah I agree, I hadn't even considered that aspect.  I probably would have been uncomfortable as well. It's definitely not an easy thing to do"
" I hope it's not too late to say that I'll be there if any of you guys need me as well. This kind of group text is probably not my preferred venue for sharing, but I'd be happy to talk."
" Also, totally in agreement. Those formal-type events suck multiple bags of balls. Helps a bit if you and the other attendees are drinking heavily."
" Even then, not the easiest to get through"
 
" Just to lighten the mood for a moment. Also, WhatsApp just notified me with that message that they now have 'end to end encryption', which kinda sounds like a butthole reference."
 That's actually really awesome of WhatsApp to do
""
 Yeah I think all the messaging apps are doing it as a result of the FBI vs Apple fiasco
" Not to change the subject too many times but Sean, are you still in touch with your old boss at growth spark?"
 Yeah I am
 Longish story but I'm thinking about starting something with a PM of mine
 I'm still in the stage of seeing if it's even doable
 But it would be cool to talk to someone who's running a company now to get an idea of management/overhead and stuff like that
" As we change topics, just want to say thanks y'all for being supportive. I'm think I've put this whole fiasco behind me and it's probably best that it's over. Lotta lessons learned and things to fix."
" Absolutely Dave.  Dating is hard and trying to find someone you're compatible with takes a lot of work and learning, but I know you will find a great girl one of these days.  It's 100% worth it in the end"
" Jim I can definitely put you in touch with Ross, he loves to talk to people.  Just send me your email and I can do an introduction"
" Thanks Sean, that would be great. I still have a ton of research to do on my own but hopefully I can get an idea of how smart/stupid it would be"
 Email is james.e.mooradian@gmail.com
 End to end encryption just makes me think of ass tah ass from requiem for a dream.
 This new article just came out in the times about emotion and masculinity.  I think it's really good and an important topic.  Basically a serious/scientific version of Bill Burr's 'what are you a faaaagg?' joke. Glad to see this making its way into public discourse because I think it's a huge problem and almost no one talks about it. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/10/education/edlife/teaching-men-to-be-emotionally-honest.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share&_r=0
" That's a really great article. It's amazing how much of the discussion overlaps with Bill Burr's comedy. I feel like he has bits that hit on all of the nuances that were mentioned in the article. Also made me think of this great song called ugly cherries I just heard by this band of two drag queens called PWR BTTM. The singer said he wrote it about his struggle to fully accept his being queer and his desire to express himself through drag culture, but if you listen to the lyrics in the context of that article, they pretty much hit dead on how it feels to not be able to express an important part of your being, whatever it is. Kind of like Billy Budd. You guys have to read that in high school? The singer also said that he was thinking of that adage that if you say you're alright enough you'll be alright and whether it could actually be true. So there's a great part where he basically is shouting he's alright in a tone that sounds strained and doubtful. Also there's a face melting guitar lick in the song. Thought-provoking stuff http://youtu.be/KX_tBWLmr1s"
 Nice.  Yeah I can definitely see the connection.  Clever band name too
 
 
 
 Nice dude. Wild yeast makes me think of this
""
 Ewwwwwww what the fuck! Hahaha
 Wash it down with this https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/first-vaginal-beer-bottled-instinct#/story
 Smegma cakes next
 Wow. Just saw these posts
 Wonder if some nasty motherfuckers can cultivate some human cheese and really round out the meal
" Butze, how long did it take for the wild yeast to colonize that stuff?"
 Took about 4-5 days to get a fully active culture going.  But once you get that you can store it in the fridge and feed it just once per week to keep it alive
" Wow, pretty cool"
 It took around 10 hours for the dough to rise
 And you gotta fold it periodically during that time.  Definitely at least a full day commitment.  But it sure is cool as hell
 Lookin like RobAndSean-a-Palooza is gonna be on April 30th.  Can you guys make it?
 I'll be there late. Got work until 6 that day.
 I'll be able to make it too
 I probably can make it. I have to be in Virginia that week for work but I should be back by Friday night
 Alright cool!
 Is squanching allowed at this party?
 Allowed? It's mandatory
 
" Looks like regular sandals, are they just really comfy?"
 It's the zef.
 Enter the Ninja https://g.co/kgs/cJUZQ
 Lol nice
 Haha that group definitely knows how to get weird
 That's just the tip of the iceberg of their brand of weird.
 Stress dreams about a flooring disaster have replaced my 'missed exam in college' dreams
 Kinda miss the days when the only thing to worry about was exams
 Grass is greener
 Grass tastes bad
 Lol
 
 
 https://youtu.be/MJw1vAiNjAg
 Looks like an am appy ad. And that's one scruffy beard.
 Haha I know
 
 Found some gold out on the interwebs
 +1000000000
 Amazing
 Lol nice
 Hahaha all the best things involve sonic costumes I guess
 
 So I'm at a place where all the drinks are named after pornstars
 Noticed Mr. Eveready is conspicuously absent from the menu
 Lol nice
 They need a Wesley Pipes too
 And damn I can't imagine dropping $70 on pitcher of mixed drink.
" If they're using well, those are some serious margins."
 Ahh that's right
" If it's any consolation, the pitchers and jugs are fucking enormous"
 It's like 10 and 20 drinks
 I feel hungover just thinking about that
" There were like 15 people there, it was a work related happy hour for aru's sister"
 
 Lol what
 Somerville used to be poor. It's reflected in the construction. There's a lot of wood scrap construction. The kitchen cabinets in the unit had pieces of a chair in it.
 Haha wow
 So basically your building be like... http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/2040394/peter-griffin-6-dollar-man-o.gif
 Yep she's special.....
 Special needs
 
 Haha that's great
 Would be amazing if you could somehow apply it to AI controlled propeller drones
" A ROFLcopter, if you will"
 Haha yeah
 
 Ooh nice
 OG Kush
 Took another look at Dave's pic. Did not notice the names before but I gotta say I'm a huge fan of whoever decided to label them
 Are they names of the strain of hops or are they like little names for each plant
" Either way, it's pretty great"
 Oh yeah those are strains. Though it would be hilarious if I gave all of them names like Mr poopybutthole.
 That 'dro
 Lol if you ever crossbreed the hops you totally should
 
 HAHAHA 
 So good
 Lol
" All these fancy names for paint colors. Maybe I should get into the paint name game. Autoerotic Asphyxiation Blue and Bukakke White sound like paints you'd wanna slather on your walls, right?"
 Lol
 Just found a water supply pipe embedded within layers of floor I just had removed. Not gonna be one bit surprised if a dead body or two drops out the ceiling.
 Or some stacks of cash if you're lucky
 Most likely stacks of dead mice.
 Will I be seeing all of your beautiful faces this weekend?
 I'll definitely be there
 https://youtu.be/JCKf-bjokiM
 Sweeeet
 I'll be there as well
 Nice!
 My place is available if any of y'all need a place to stay
" Cool, cool"
 I was looking into hotels just in case but I haven't booked anything yet
 Nah don't do that.  We can make it work.  Unless you really prefer to
 Plus there's also my place. The rentable unit is in good. Unless you want full authentic trap basement experience.
 Lmao only if I can load up an all future playlist to sleep to
 Whatever y'all wanna do
 Also was thinking it would be nice to do some kind of activity together other than the party if there's time.  Maybe on Sunday
 What time should we get there btw?
 Umm good question.  Party officially starts at 8.  But I should be around if you want to come up earlier and bro down
 I think I should be free Sunday. Just gotta buy paint at the home depot and load my car with reno waste.
" I should be free to come up earlier and stay for a little while on Sunday. I'm going to stay at my sister's. Normally, my sister's condo would be a good option as a place for all of us non-Bostonian to stay, but this time Kelly has a couple friends visiting for the weekend, so with them and me the pullouts will be full."
 Saturday I'm working so I'll probably arrive just in time rocking some business casual.
" Ok cool.  Well Jim you can plan to stay with me then, or at Daves"
 Although Sean can I crash at your place? I'll be on the tarp game again.
 Well with a sleeping bag.
 Yeah definitely.  One can take the couch and the other can have the air mattress
 HereÄs an artist I want to share with youÄ¶ Hazy Mountains 
""
 I'll plan on staying at your place Sean. I can definitely come early too
 Ok cool!
" Sean, I'll probably be arriving a little before 8 on Saturday. Should come to your place and drop my stuff off or head straight to the party?"
 Probably better to drop your stuff first so you don't have to drive after.  I could leave a key for you to get in. Do you have a Somerville parking pass now?
 OK. I only have a visitor pass for my area. Car still registered in CT. Although it's Saturday at 8 so I should be able to street park at your place overnight. They don't check parking on Sundays.
 Ok.  Yeah as long as they aren't dicks and ticket you before midnight.  I think Courtney already used my pass twice this week so I don't think it can be used again til next week
" I guess I could drop off my stuff off at your place, then park at Otis, uber over to the party."
 Yeah that could also work
 BTW y'all should let Hazy Mountains slide into your ears and tickle your brain balls.
 Hahaha I'll check it out.  Love gettin my brain balls tickled
" Just got this month's Somerville newsletter. Green energy, volunteer planting in green spaces, bike days, and plastic bag ban proposal...... Shit this place just went full retard."
 Hahaha
 The Cambridge center for adult education is offering a class in urban beekeeping.  Might have to get in on that.  Take the personal brand to a whole new dimension
 
 Hahahaha awesome.  Yeah I think that was when you were in Germany
 Just accidentally wiped my phone. What did i miss here?
 Were you listening to the Dude's story? Were you listening to the Dude's story?
" happy birthday, Sean"
 Haha thanks
 Dang I lost all those sweet pics from our last vt trip.
" Sean and Jim, Kelly and some of her friends are planning on going to the Arnold Arboretum tomorrow from around 1130am to 4pm. I was probably going to meet them there on my way into the city if you guys wanted to come too."
" Cool.  I'm not sure if I can go, might have to run some errands during the day"
" Ok, cool, figured I'd float it out there just in case"
 Thanks though
" Dave, I listened to a couple songs from that band you recommended. Very chill. I've only listened to a little bit but it's like a chill-skype-wave fusion"
 Yeah this sounds cool
 The newer tracks have the modern age 80s sound mixed with chill waves. Saxophone
" Nice, also I've meant to tell you guys that satellite radio recently broadcasted a live com truise concert. Dude's really hitting the big time"
 Gonna be seeing the truise live again in New haven may 12.
 Aw sheeut
 Wish he would come back to Boston
 Just left work. Key at your place Sean?
 Yeah I left it in the mailbox
 Just got to your place
 https://mobile.twitter.com/jonnysun/status/726812216977137664
 Hahaha
 
 
 
 
 
 Ah thanks for snapping a photo of me asleep.
 No palooza is complete without one!
 Just learned some people are planning to leave the office in 2 months. Shit is guaranteed to fall apart. I think my office just reached the same level of bad as Jim's office.
 Bad news bears when I'm pulling a mortgage.
 Sheeut
 I foresee a summer of 3p's
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oDgs1iroYyY
 #neverforget
 Lmao
 I completely forgot about that
 Hahaha love when he just shouts the names of his friends
 Also when he calls out the other guy for going to 'the poor school'
 https://www.instagram.com/jakelikesonions/?hl=en
 Found a pretty rad webcomic on Instagram
 Thought you guys might appreciate it
 read a few and yep this is definitely my bucket of tea.
 
 Lmao
 So true
 ç
 
 awww that baking stone is asking for a double dark pump.
 a baguette's a baguette even if it's soft.
 
 
 
 Duuuuude that's amazing!!
 quick glance I thought those were shots from the Sims.
 So stoked for that
 Could totally up our turkey game
 That's pretty outrageous dude
 With a setup like that we can up our everything game
 Might as well make an entire meal from base ingredients
 like an apple pie from scratch?
 Going to be some epic meals
 Prettymuch yeah
 or create the universe
 Hahaha just got the reference
 Artisanal game would be fully in the zeph
 
 I can't even express how excited I am for this.  When's the estimated completion?
 
 This feels like an appropriate reaction
" Not sure when it'll be done. God that's trippy, Jim haha"
 Hahaha
 
 
 
 That shaping tho
 I still think we should start an artisan bread/urban garden for the homeless type charity.
 Yeah I've been trying to get better at shaping.  Been following this guy on Instagram who's a total pro: https://instagram.com/p/BEj92hNBGwO/
 That could be a good idea
 help the homeless and build a personal brand that makes the local baguettes moist.... win win
 Also i like the word 'moist.' There just something about its connotations and pronunciation. Or it's the coffee and sudafed playing drums in my head.
 Hahaha
 Dat swirl.. Holy crap
 Looks pretty damn tasty
 
 
 
 Hahaha
 You guys remember Xanga? It was like livejournal in the early 2000s.  Found a page from my old profile from 2003
 
 
 
 Hahaha that's awesome
" So much nostalgia in so few words. You got kazaa, music videos, linkin park"
 That's pretty amazing
 Xanga was the shit back in freshman year of highschool
 I know.  It's like a time capsule
 Nice way to look back and cringe real hard
 
 Obviously
 All thanks to the archive.org wayback machine
 It definitely paints a picture
 Wow. I still have a MySpace page sitting around from back in the day. I'll think I have the security settings at 11. Probably get rid of it when if I run for public office.
 Pics!!!
 And speaking of old stuff. We all graduated high school 10 years ago. Let that sink in for a moment.
" I wonder what 17 year old me thought he'd himself doing in 10 years. Probably some do good, hope filled shit."
 Astronaut
 27 year old Dave still wants to be an astronaut and chill with HAL 9000.
 
 
 
 Hahaha
 Scientists make 'second skin' to hide wrinkles - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-36245728
 I foresee some 'on our wedding night she reached back and peeled off her face' situations
 Damn yeah that could get real creepy
 Oh shit I was just listening to them talk about that on NPR
 Imagine no injections. Just a quick spray and you got balls as smooth as eggs.
 Hoowee
 Sorta reminds me of that futurama episode where everybody gets 300 bucks and the professor slathers a bunch of stem cells on his face
 
 Haha. It's the James for me as well.
 Lmao
 I can see this becoming a thing
 it'd make a sweet t shirt
 or start a gym franchise called James.
 Lol
 I could be the on site personal trainer
" 'Hi I'm James, welcome to the James, now let's get you hella James'd up'"
 
 Lol.  Good ol goatse
 TSA
 Just gonna have to check inside ya asshole
 
 Hahaha
 Oof
 Everybody knows you don't use smoked fish in sushi
 Guy clearly belongs under that table
 Yeah that sushi was goofed the moment he picked up the smoked salmon package at the store. Metaphor for the guy's life being messed up from the moment of his conception.
 Lol you guys are cold
 Poor guy
" FYI, I'm co-hosting a party for my graduation in Somerville on Sunday May 22nd.  I know it's a long way for y'all and you were just here for my birthday so I don't expect you to come, but if you want to you are obviously welcome and I'd be stoked to have any of you in attendance"
 Can the Pope's dick fit through a donut?
" Unfortunately, I'm going to be in San Francisco that weekend for experiments otherwise I would definitely be in attendance"
 I should be able to come that weekend. Aru is gonna be away doing her pre-new job travelling and I don't have anything going on in my life
 No prob Alex
 Cool so Dave and Jim I'll hopefully have you both attending which would be rad
" Is there any particular dress code, like jncos and korn t shirts only?"
 Jncos mandatory. Linkin park or staind shirts also acceptable
 Shit I hope I can find my matching vans
 Dress code: 'nu metal chic'
 Dress code: '1999 hot topic / x-games fan'
" Speaking of that, SNL parodied nu metal last week, pretty funny https://youtu.be/QO0J8VEO6u8"
 That's awesome
 http://mathbonus.bandcamp.com/album/were-drowning-3
 Was waiting for this to drop all day. This one's gonna be a real brain balls tickler.
 And some prolapsed speakers
 Oooo weeee
 Aw shit
 Bout to stream that bad boy
" Also, I think I found a top candidate for our next food-based outing"
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/kQwJ7Gs
 My god.
 Haha there's some pretty funny comments on that post
 
 
 
 
 Haha that third one is my favorite
 Lol nice
" Just went to a bakery for breakfast. Sean, I think I caught a glimpse of your future"
 
 Had to snap the picture quickly while the cashier was gone
 Hot damn
 #goals af íØ
 
 Artsan cheeses and jam
 Just smacking me in the face with its sweaty hipster balls
 Wow yeah haha
 Didn't notice at first but those two guys in the front of the pic also have climbing gear
 Haha nice
 BTW what does that AF 100 emoticon thing mean?
 
 Goddamn look at that sweet vinyl flooring
 Same flooring that was in aru's first apartment in manhattan
 I wish it was vinyl. The hardwood boxes are just heavy and unweidly.
 Oh damn so it's real deal
 Dat piff
 You can put that shit right on the apartment listing
 1br apartment. All hardwood floors - none of that snicklefritz
" To the best of my knowledge... Af = 'as fuck', as in 'cool as fuck.'  Goals is used as an adjective instead of a noun.  'This shit is goals as fuck'. 100 emoji I believe is just for emphasis.  Like 'times 100' or '100%'"
 Just what the young whippersnappers be saying these days. Trying to stay relevant
 ah now I understand those young girls' tinder profiles
 Yeah the hardwood should help with the listing.
" Also, never knew there were so many baguettes that shop at home depot Somerville."
 Maybe I should be a plumber up here snake some drains and flush some pipes
 Lol
" Saw a rotund white girl in yoga pants jogging in East Somerville. She's like the physical manifestation of my dreams for this area. Keep jogging East Somerville, get that figure slim and gentrified."
 lol
 Lol
 Neighborhood's gonna start popping off before you know it
 
 His head legit looks like a lego man
 Probably has a peg on his head for switching between hair and football helmet.
 Lol
 Ah she speaks disparagingly about 'bros and bro-dettes' and their associated activities... I'm smitten.
 Lol bro-dettes
 That's awesome though dude.  Going on that second date soon?
 Should be Saturday.
 Cool
 https://youtu.be/BfIjIVLmhAI
 Oooh my brain balls
 
 Wow that's pretty great
 Physical copy of the album?
 No I actually ordered a copy of this new magazine run by his label.  Got digital copy of the album
 
 Looks like a pretty rad subscription
 I got a note card too. Really cool personal touch. Got the physical copy too. Been working on loading the 6 CD changer with nothing but brain ball fondlers.
 Hahaha
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/xpski
 Can't stop laughing at these
 They're so simple but so funny.
 Amurica Runn No Dundun
" I was laughing too hard at my desk, had to take a walk after I saw them"
 No idea why they're so funny tho
 Lol this is great
 Could really go for some Tinkle Outside the Binkle right about now
 Porchfest seems pretty legit. Does The Living Sleep wanna drop some dope live tunes at an Otis St easement? lol
 Hahaha that would be awesome
 Dave and Jim what are your plans for the weekend?  You can stay at my place Saturday and/or Sunday night if you'd like.  I'm busy tomorrow until 5 or 6 but will be back after that
 I have work until 6 Sat. As of now it looks like I'm rescheduling my date so I should be in the area by 830
" http://getremix.com Just saw this on the interwebs, not sure if it's applicable to Jim"
 I could come up on Saturday as well. I'll probably be able to be up around 7
 Kewl
" Do you have a timeframe for the party Sean? I'm still planning on going to work on Monday, wasn't sure if the party is one of those 8pm to question mark deals"
 It's 5-9
 Okay cool
 it'll be 5-? when the get wet girls show up.
 Lol
 Also... I just accepted a sicknasty job offer from KAYAK. Starting in September.  So looks I'm staying in the Boston area for a while.  Pretty pumped though the company is super cool.
 #datinternetmoney
 Dayum congrats
" that's the travel company sans-Shatner, right?"
 Oh sweet dude
 Good luck at the new gig
 Thanks!
 Shatner is Priceline.  But kayak is now a subsidiary of Priceline
 ah didn't know the priceline negotiator copped kayak.
 i think we need to have a full blown dudes night out on Sat.... which at our age means before 12
 Lol I'm in for a guys night
 Lol yeah
 Chappelle Show: Dudes Night Out http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/805c5a535b/chappelle-show-dudes-night-out?_ccid=b877d23d-888a-4570-b3b6-0f966299a395&_cc=__mbbw
 
 Lol
 
 So much beard in one pic
 http://iantaggart.bandcamp.com/album/but-he-who-causes-the-darkness
 some brain ball ticklers for y'all.
 
 Lol
" Sheeeuutt my WhatsApp wasn't updating notifications again. Congratulations on the new job, Sean!"
 Thanks!! And welcome back
 Y'all up to anything for memorial weekend? Got served some Pillsbury flaky pastries so I'm up to a whole lotta nothing.
 I'm going camping with some of Courtney's friends so I won't be around unfortunately
 I'm out in San Diego for a conference this weekend
 Well I guess I'll be solo baking loafs.
 not a euphemism... literally lonely bread baking.
 Dude solo baking loaves is a great time
 Nothing but you and the dough
 I might be able to do something tomorrow Dave. Gotta do some EDA/report writing but Id be up for something in the afternoon if you wanna hang out
 I'm not sure about sun/Mon just yet. Aru is supposed to be back in NYC tomorrow afternoon/evening but idk if she will be up for doing anything what with a 12 hour time difference
 yeah I'd be down to do something in the afternoon like a New Haven adventure.
 I'm in
 It's nice as hell out
 Worst case scenario we could grab some za and drinks at bar
 They usually open giant garage door thing up so it's basically outdoor seating
 
 and Jim bar sounds like a good idea as long as it's not backroom hidden dance club bar
 Lool nah George isn't here so we can go ahead and avoid that
 Ooh nice loaf what kind is it?
 that 5 minute quick loaf
 pinchin' loafs would make a good bakery name. Or maybe Valsalva's
 Nice.  White bread?
 White bread for now. Slowly easing my way back into bread making. Crust came out nice. Shame I messed up the amount of salt.
 
 
" There was also a guy playing a banjo, and two girls dancing with LED-light up hula hoops"
 Looks like it could've been a indie music video like the one from foals.
 Haha yeah I thought of that.  Just like the Olympic airways video.
 
 Lmao
 That weight is judging you
 Life's ain't easy in the Valley. And those town's folk wonder why they always find you passed out in weird places.
 http://www.dezeen.com/2016/03/28/nils-holger-moormann-design-minimal-interior-volkswagen-t6-custom-bus/#disqus_thread
 Should try to deck out the rav4 like this dude's van. Maybe hands paint the word 'Grape' on the side too.
 Damn that thing is sick
 Pretty much my dream hustle wagon if I could confirm there's an onboard shower
 Been following this Instagram lately it's pretty awesome for van stuff http://instagram.com/projectvanlife
 Helping me get amped up for my trip
 Nice. Looks really idyllic. Good thing the photos don't capture things like BO and swamp ass.
 Yeah shitting into a bucket doesn't make as good of an Instagram shot
 And wiping. Looking at some fertile ground for dingleberries. Now that you bring up the bathroom situation. I don't think I could part ways with modern plumbing. I think I'll settle for minimalist living in a small city space.
 Butt wipes are a pretty good solution for dingleberries
 But yeah a tiny house with real plumbing would be cool too
" I might be the Kobe of taking dumps, but Kobe misses shot too. And that's when running water is needed."
 You can always go the 'tiny homes' route
 Get a minimalist space saver
 Bonus points for making it mobile so you can attach to a pickup or something
 Yeah you can get a pretty nice one for less than a down payment on a regular house in New England
 
 Only issue id have is it would be hard to ever have guests visit
 or shipping container
 I think a lot of them require mostly DIY effort though
 Lol yeah just gotta commit to your small social/family unit
 There was a time when families were all packed into one small cabin bed. And somehow the mother was always cranking out more farmhands.
 Lol yeah I wonder how they managed that
" Saw a spread of free food in the break room, thought no one was around, exclaimed'Oooo weeee' like Mr. PB......VP of finance is standing right behind me"
 Look them in the eye and say 'this little poopybutthole is hungry!'
 That's how you win respect
" haha or it becomes a 'Dave now works at the local gas station, he makes $8.50 an hour, he goes home smelling of gasoline.... when keeping it real goes wrong.'"
 No way dude
 Ct minimum wage is 9.60
 You got this
" Haha lol-ed thinking of actually saying 'this poopy butthole is hungry!' to an upper management type. I don't think they can fire you for something like that though. Did I tell you about that guy who was wiping with ass gaskets at work and then putting them back in the gasket dispenser? Couldn't fire him because he had some kind of religious reason for doing it. You just have to say Mr. PB's a religious figure to you, Dave"
 Mr PB is a long time family friend lol. There was just some awkward small talk in the break room. Um what are ass gaskets? Sounds buttstuff-esq. And they come out of a dispenser?
" Wait, he was wiping his ass with gaskets?"
 OK Google searched. never knew the covers were called gaskets.
 Oh the toilet seat covers
 I literally thought of a gasket like from an engine
 Same. Especially with Alex working in a mech e lab.
 Like why would he use gaskets when he'd have to assumedly sneak into a mechanic drawer with his pants down
" Haha, I don't know now that you mention it if ass gasket is widely accepted nomenclature. A friend of mine once overheard a small child in a public restroom call them ass gaskets and the term just caught on haha"
 I mean technically that child isn't wrong
 
 ah the junction between ass and bowl
 but that's pretty nasty that the guy was putting the gaskets back in the box. Was he just stuffing them back in or neatly slipping them back in with Hershey stains and all?
 And that's one reason to air dump to
 too*
 I mean I know a lot of other countries don't flush tp
 Maybe he thought the to dispenser came with a neat little garbage at the bottom
 I think just stuffing them back in. I imagine an absolute nightmare scenario for a germaphobe reaching for the protection of a gasket only to be betrayed
 Forever uncleeeean
 Hahaha
 Lol. Curious how did your building find out it it was him?  Was there a memo go around about dookie butter on toilet covers?
 This actually occurred at a friend of mine's company. She works in HR and it was reported to them. At around the same time there was also a mystery person leaving dookies in paper bags around the office. Separate offender who was ultimately fired once discovered.
" Man, double trouble with those duke-related crimes"
 shit on Debra's desk... like a boss
 that came to mind in terms is office turd offences
 of*
 They say acts of that nature usually come in 2's hiiiyyooo
 Lool
 Poop stories are always a riot. The office is probably wondering why I'm laughing in my cube.
 Wow that was quite a convo guys
 Notice my town is covered in signs about parents getting charged if underage kids are caught drinking in the house. Must be that time of year when parents are on vacation and kids throw the classic high school banger.
 Prom too
 Takes me back to the ole vodka in Poland spring bottle days
 
 
 
 I think it could use a wall of brown note hitting sub boxes.
 Have you tested out the mattress situation yet?
 Looks pretty neat
" Feels pretty good, haven't sleep in it yet.  Gonna try it out over the weekend"
 When are you leaving for your walkabout?
 And where are you going again?
 2 month cross country road trip
 Leaving next week
 Taking roy off the grid.  Don't even have a social security number for Roy
" Huh, just learned that the good ole bertuckies pizza place originated from Somerville. Also marshmallow fluff too."
 Never do back to the carpet store
 go*
 Nice! Gonna be a sweet adventure
 
" Despite all the hipster/yuppie shit associated with cold brew, I think there's more caffeine. Apparently I'm supposed to dilute it but drinking it straight gives the ole brain balls a nice rubbing."
 Hahaha
 Probably keeps you regular too.
 Shaq regular
 
 33 yo data scientist. I guess if the date doesn't pan out I could at least get job leads for Jim.
" Nice, dat business contact"
 So I'm going to India next Tuesday for a week and I've been trying to prepare as best as possible. During my researches I came across this hilarious video of how to use an eastern latrine that I would highly recommend: https://youtu.be/dKkryfdtMNQ
 It's part of a series of instructional videos on how to crap around the world.
 
 Lol
 So dark and so funny
 Also that toilet video is awesome.  I'm sure you'll have a good poop story or two from your trip
 So I guess I was supposed to help organize my high school class reunion..... whoops
 When I encounter a biscotti I don't get the urge to revisit the James. It's more like damn I need to read some books and switch on the NPR.
 Lmao
 That's the james for late twenties guys
" Also, I tried my hand at cold brew coffee this week and holy shit"
 Tastes great and I'm buzzing my brain balls off
 10/10 would recommend with some fresh artisan loaves
 Lol nice
 Yeah it's real easy to make
" Alex, or maybe Jim, do you know any nice cheap food places in Madison? Need to ford river there."
 Grand Apizza on Main Street is great pizza and pretty standard prices. The simple sauce and Parmesan apizza is my favorite
" Nice, flipped through the menu. Seems pretty reasonable. #mungojerry"
 
 Lol
" It's an ad for Xiaflex, injection for fixing boomerang dick. The faces are just priceless."
 Twas '07 when I decided to type the words irepress into the DC++. Downloaded this Samus Octology album from a user named sneakybutcher. The brain balls have never been the same. #gettingold #greyveilslowlydescending #whatislife #whatisbestinlife #conan #cheezits #thatreferencemightbeobscure #usinghashtagstotellstreamofconsciousnarrative #toomuchcoffee
 HereÄs an album for youÄ¶ Samus Octology by Irepress
""
 Hahahaha
 I gotta relisten to that.  Such a classic
 
 Livin the dream I see
 Pretty sweet view
 I never go back to the carpet store
 
 
 not sure where they're going with this ad.
 
 log jamming?
" Hahaha, looks like that could be it"
" Also, Butze, you're yolo-ing so hard right now. Looks amazing!"
 
 
 Think I dun goofed
 Lol
 Do u even code bro
 Lolz
 My beard/outdoorsman game just isn't up to par
 Clearly the compiler knows this
" Damn, Microsoft is pretty harsh with the error notifications."
 It's pretty mind boggling how many dating profiles sound the same. 'Love to laugh' ect.  Starting to wonder is there a template for their profiles or is there just a horde of cookie cutter basic girls?
 I think it's because they don't read other girls profiles so they think they're being original
 But that would still mean the vast majority of girls still think similarly. Maybe everyone strives toward creating a benign sounding profile that shit just converges toward the same phrases and diction.
 For some reason I'm reminded of the Dave Chappelle stand-up about stereotypes. Like middle class white girls have a genetic predisposition towards enjoying laughter
 Everyone enjoys broadly enjoyable activities
" That and most people probably won't put too many truly personal things on a dating website, so the amount of socially acceptable things to say about yourself ends up being pretty limited"
 But I also don't know shit about social media anymore so who the fuck knows
" I think the majority of people aren't very interesting (remember uconn?) or they are playing it safe by trying to focus on widely relatable things, thinking that will give them the most appeal.  But that's actually not a good strategy.  Better to focus on specific more unique things and appeal to a smaller number of better matched people.  But it takes time to learn that"
" Basically, farmersonly.com is doing it right"
 wwbhwd
 Yeah it's all about that niche appeal
 But I guess for girls on online dating sites it's not necessary to have niche appeal when they'll still receive a bunch of messages/likes/swipes. More important for guys though.
 I dunno I still think it's a better strategy for them.  A hundred irrelevant dick pics isn't very valuable
 Does 'a mouth is a mouth' apply to dick pics?
 lol
" off topic from dating, but Sean, are you still using the 5 minute artisan recipe for your breads or are you on some next level knead formulas."
 I'm using different recipes now.  Moved on to wild yeast sourdough which is requires a longer process
 Ah. Any recipe suggestions for a solid intermediate bake?
 I've been using the book 'classic sourdoughs' but I think the King Arthur website also has some good ones for free
 
 looks like you're about to chop some trees.
 Paul Bunyan-wave
" Oooo weeee if the economy sours with the brexit and our jobs are unscathed, might be a nice time to buddy up and make property investments. Sphincter to asset acquisition might getting a little looser."
 of course property values usually take longer to dip in a crisis. need sustained bad times
 Lol that's thinking
 I'm just content that my line of work tends to pick up during economic crises
 Governments desperate to pay for shit
 Also Sean those pics have been simultaneously awesome and depressing
 I look outside and instead of mountain ranges I see homeless people casually smoking crack next to a run down subway
 Pretty jealous
" toll roads... got that rib sandwich on lock, you gots to come through me"
 Yup. Plus no politician wants to raise taxes these days
 yeah definitely feel a bit for depressed to when I see Sean's pics. Makes me wanna get a tiny house and take Roy off the grid.
 too*
 Lol
 I'm hoping to inspire rather than depress
 It's okay man. The carpet store is pretty comfy
 The carpet store only gets comfy when you reach for off white Persians
 But for real I've been looking into tiny living options. Really want to amass a variety of tiny places in different locations.
 Dude get a van I'll help you mod it
 
 Still modern plumbing. Running water is the shit.
 HAHAHA
 That was fucking gold
 Srsly would be pretty neat to do something like that
" There was an imgur post the other day with a guy who made an apartment out of 3 shipping containers, was pretty cool"
 And there's a fair amount of people who are into efficient houses with energy/water/gardening all fully self sufficient
 It's been awhile since I did research on that but I think they're called earth ships or something similar
 That's what I'm talking about
 
 
 that whole foods bag
 Here ya go https://instagram.com/p/BHFZWy_jCNB/
 
 so auth
 
 That's a nice lookin loaf
 Is it tough baking bread on the road?
 Nah I'm staying with friends this weekend so they had all the equipment.  Just used store yeast
 Oh nice. Gotta keep those bread skills sharp during your travels
 Yep
 what type of loaf is it?
 Just classic white French boule
 ah classic white balls.
 and that pic looks like it could on the cover of a book.
 Just a Breeze Bread by the Sneaky Baker
 with foreword written by Tony Eveready
 Hahaha
 Love it
" Okay, fuck it. Gonna throw my hat into the bread ring"
 Reading up on yeast culturing now
 Might try a few easy recipes while the yeast is growing
 Awww shit
 Watch jim be dominating all of us in bread making within like a week
 Kneading with one hand while simultaneously hand grinding locally sourced grain with the other and casually carrying a conversation
 Lmao
 Basting that turkey
 Baking seems a lot different from cooking meat tbh
" Butze, that picture you posted of a goat on Idaho is pretty much exactly as I would imagine that state haha"
 Idaho is a pretty sweet place minus the sketchy conservative area in the north. Think the state is usually associated with living off the grid or preferred locale for laying low.
" Also, potatoes"
 yeah the spuds too
 
 But yeah I know.  It was at a gas station too.  Livestock just wandering around
 Lol I was secretly wondering what the goat was about
 Thought I missed something
 Nope I just have to post every photo twice because you're a damn Luddite hahaha
 ah Luddite one of my fave pejoratives
 
 
" Oh speaking of tiny houses, there's an entire show on HGTV devoted to them"
" Tiny house, big living"
 Found out about it the other day
 I've thought of mortgaging a set of prefab tiny houses in a vacation type area ie Ludlow and renting then out
 though vacation rentals is a fickle business especially with climate change.
 And I think I need to take a gander at that rosebud house lol
 A lot of the ski resorts seem to be struggling to survive these days
" ole fashion primary living space is the safest bet. Seen some tiny house community concepts, but they resemble trailer parks. But trailer parks aren't they the o"
 OG tiny houses. Just associated with being poor.
 Poor is the new rich
 So it's rebranded for the progressive folks.
" kinda like peasant loafs, uncovered brick walls and loose hanging Edison bulbs"
" Yeah I mean pretty much everything cool today is derived from being poor a century ago.  Making your own food, living small, etc"
" Yeah the whole internet cottage industry, handmade, local grown is what the majority of people did back in the day.... well minus the internet part"
 Just add wifi and 3d printing to early 1900s poverty and you've got yourself a bohemian comminity
 I've been searching for this NPR segment about local grown stuff and how it doesn't solve any world problems. It's the most inefficient easy to make crops to supply an ever growing population.
 Basically we're taking steps backwards to be cool when society has reached a point where we can't be dicking around with small scale personal pizza shit
 Yeah.  It's not about efficiency though it's more about entertainment.  People who do it i.e. us can afford the premium
 My sourdough loaves probably take $100 of labor at least.  Not efficient in the least but fun as hell
" Assuming you're working your hourly rate, yeah"
" If you can fill 100% of your free time with work at-rate, that's the loss you take"
 But it's not always the case
 Welp remember those beers I've have y'all.... it's gonna cost you lol
 No even for a baker's wage to bake just a few loaves a week would be about that expensive
" But again, not about the efficiency in these cases"
 You mean in terms of what it would take to survive with that amount of production? Definitely true in that case
" yeah if you factor in the oven, the building the oven is in and other normally overlooked costs it'd definitely come out to at least $100"
" Artisan is such a weird thing, but it has a quality that's probably important culturally"
 We have to balance industrial thinking with holistic evaluation occasionally
 For me I just find fulfillment in making things and learning how things are made.  Mass production is efficient but if that's all you consume it doesn't lead to a particularly interesting or fulfilling life IMO
 Need a balance as Jim says
 Like if I had to make everything myself that would not be very fun
 I like making things but I like making things in mass. Probably why I enjoy how it's made and plumbuses
 I guess I guess I'd everything was super lickety split efficient works would be very Soviet and cog life.
 if*
 Yeah efficiency isn't everything
 Some of the best things in life aren't efficient.  I.e. Wrapping a turkey in a bacon weave
" For me balance would be society delegating resources to provide guaranteed proper resources water, basis food and shelter in the most efficient, industrial way possible.... establishing a baseline. Then amassing more or seeking creativity, personal growth is dicking around you can do on your own accord"
 You should work for the government.  Sounds like you have good macro-level ideas.  I tend to just focus on my self and hope the big picture works itself out via a plague or other catastrophic event
 it's all motivated by self preservation.  I fear the proletariat as Marx calls them. It's programmed into my family history.
 wish I could figure out a way to nip the whole class struggle problem in the bud before it gets out of hand
" You guys are pretty much outlining the main theme of my dissertation, efficiency versus creativity. Efficiency is typically associated with uniformity and limited interaction whereas creativity depends on the interaction of a diverse set of things, whatever they may be. In the most optimal case, there's a balance where efficient structures facilitate creativity. The bronchioles in the lungs are a good example. Straight, uniform tubes branch and decrease in radius efficiently transporting air to oxygen absorption sites, which are exactly inefficient with respect to moving air, but amazingly effective at getting oxygen because their surfaces are so nonuniform and textured. It's all about efficiently bringing diverse sets of things together in a productive manner with minimal loss of each entity's unique character along the way."
 http://giphy.com/gifs/tim-and-eric-mind-blown-EldfH1VJdbrwY
 That's amazing
 Blew my mind too. That little piece of math that James showed me lead to a whole derivation that made the lungs thing clear to me
 Fuckin algebraic
 Literally
 That's one hell of an analogy... wow
" I definitely think the food industry suffers from the downside of industrialization these days, probably why artisan foods are so popular. Although most of the ire seems to be directed at the least problematic things that were doing to foodstuffs"
" We could benefit from some more food bronchioles, is what I think I'm saying"
 Or maybe from more studies of evolution in design
 as long as those bronchioles aren't asthmatic and deliberately limiting airflow
 There was a really cool study of urban growth that involved modeling cities with mold colonies
 One of my grad student friends was working on it. Horribly boring day to day but a really neat end result
" The food industry also gets the benefit of efficiency with respect to food sanitation. Just came back from India where the food is amazing, all 'home-cooked' style, but it'll give you horrible shits. I was like a faucet for a week and I took all the precautions. Really need to strike a balance somehow. Also that's really cool with the mold study. I saw people using that analogy to model empty planes getting reforested in that show cooked. Somehow it seems to make sense that it would also be applicable to city growth"
 Definitely look forward to hearing some of your (probably poo related) stories from india
" I'm guessing immune systems play into that too, or at least similar tolerances. Aru says she has to be super careful eating food in India, and she was born there"
 But her family that's lived there their whole lives have no issue
 Intestinal flora is like an island with some shared species with the people in your area (basis of the poop transplant). Go to another place and you got totally different species. Those new bacteria in the gut are like north American field mice making it to Australia... buffet.
 
 Lol
 that's an example of when plug and chug with Google translate goes wrong.
 also super entertaining to go to an Asian market and read translations on packages
 
 is that a sock or hat
 Yeah sock
 
 View is on the break room TV again. Not sure if I can buy into the stuff spouting out of these daytime talkshow folks. Clearly biased because Ja Rule is noticeably absent from the discussion. #jaruleforscotusjustice
 and Sean awesome you made it to the west cost
 coast*. Are you looping down the ca and venturing into the south next?
 No going to Washington and then to Banff in Alberta then Montana
 Really wanted to do the southwest but it's too damn hot there right now
 nice. are hitting up Yellowstone and the grand titons?
 Sounds like a pretty sweet trip so far
 Watch out for them grizzles
 manbearpig
 Not sure if I'll have time after Montana but I would like to at least see the Tetons.  Them warlocks are supposed to be pretty impressive
 
 Lol
 
 
 Granite countertop that bitch
 yep got some dark quartz tops coming in and a subway tile splash. The 22s of reno.
 Got dat piff
 
 
 I think I'm about to bump heads with upper management. Called them out for leaving our technicians out of a software selection process with office wide implications.
 Are you gonna decide to keep it real ?
 DMX
 
 Hahaha
 I told them it means world peace
 Yeah it's about to turn in to that. Actually pretty pissed I'm left with the holding down clinical stuff with the techs while the rest of the office is meeting with the vendor.
 Fuck I'm about to straight lead a revolt.
 up*
" Ah, so more like this Rick and Morty clip"
 
 Srsly though it's probably a good idea to remind them not to treat you and the techs like indentured servants
 I'm more concerned about the techs they get paid a lot less but hold down a shot ton
 shit* of important work. Struggling here to bring balance to the workplace.
 And yeah that scene from Rick and Morty sums it up.
 If any of y'all ever start companies don't forget take into account all the folks that work with you... janitorial staff too. Guess this is what I picked up from Costco and historical or personal observation. Better long term gains.
 
 
 Dude yes
 Bout finna build me one
 
 
 Goddamn that's one hell of an alt mansion
 Yeah pretty much alt heaven
 Even got to play the piano
 
 Awesome
" Butze, does that light whole wheat dough from the no kneading book work well for pizza?"
 Yeah it does
" Nice, we're about to try out the bread oven down in Madison"
 Aw shiit
 Nice!!
 Send pics
" Missed the opportunity to take pics this time, but we're going to fire it up again tomorrow. The pizzas today came out amazing"
 Nice
 
 
 ççççç
 Damn. Think I got go break out the flour and pinch out some loafs.
 Dave I know it's super far for you but would you want to come over to Brooklyn for the 4th?
 You're more than welcome to
" It's just gonna be me, the twins, and 4 or 5 of their friends"
 Alex you're welcome to come too. I assume you're in VT or Madison but you can definitely come down
" Sean, I assume you're on the other coast."
 Yeah I'm in Seattle ò
 Miss y'all
 
 Makes me think of the Tralfamadorians and Billy Pilgrim.
" Thanks for the invite, Jim! Yeah, I've been in Madison for the weekend."
 
 Done did it again
 Miss you guys 
 Dem ribs
 Samesies
 We should do Labor Day weekend again this year
 Definitely
 So apparently the NYC fireworks are approx 1000 feet away from arus apartment this year
 
 Sheeeeut
 
 
 That's some shit right there
 Oooo weeee
 
 
 
 Murica
 
 We're having an office culture discussion. Figuring out people stuff and activities is difficult. Feels like planning a high school pep rally.
" I like the concept of a team, but the the micro bits are to APM intensive."
 Just saw this hilarious clip from a Netflix movie where Paul Rudd's trying to get a kid to try a slim Jim and he keeps saying 'come on! Nibble the Jim! Take a bite of the James!'
""
 Lol nice
 Roy's back on the grid
 
 
 Goddamn
 The hills are alive with the sounds of Sean
 With the sounds of Butze
 *
 
 
 
 
 
 
" Ah sheeeuuutt, you bouta catch Em all"
 Now I don't feel so bad hopping on this poke bandwagon.
" Also word on the street, chicks love diglett pics"
 Lol 
 Lol sneaky baker
 
 
 Hahaha awesome
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a_R3McdIq9Y
 
 
 
 Hahaha
 You guys notice anything in the tree line of that picture of Butze with the Pokemon?
 Hahaha wow that is so creepy
" Yep, there's also one in the mountains and in the bottom left corner"
 What app are you using to do that
 And there's a snorlax
 A little app called PowerPoint
 Woooow
 Also in the mountain
 Oh man bottom left too hahaha
" Yeah, that one gets me every time"
 We're your spirit animals
 started zooming into tree line that was creepy.
 A wild James appears!
 Jim's expression is like 'what you talkin' bout'
 i think that photo is poster worthy.
 It kinda is
 
 
 Gifs don't work in WhatsApp? Dang.
 It's from Swiss army man when he uses his friends farts to cross the ocean
 Lol
 Yeah I wish gifs worked here
 Only gifvs work in snapchat
 Not sure why gifs dont
 
 Hahahaha that's amazing
 Is there an easy way to convert?
 
 Damn son
 Nice job!
 Is that some kind of braid
 Thanks
 oh shit someone got fancy
 Lol
 Yeah I decided to give it a go
 Boule is difficult to eat for me cos I apparently only own shitty dull knives
 Just winged the braid
 Nice
 First attempt did not go as well but I blame my old ass bake ware
 Bits of my baking sheet came off in the bottom crust of the boule
 Dave helped me with the dough making on this one. Dat giant costco bag of flour
 Looks like the gauntlet has been thrown down. Gonna have to step my game up when I get home.
 Looking forward to dat bake off
 We'll have to try out some recipes for Alex's bread stove
 think I'm gonna pick up a different niche cooking activity.... maybe pickling
 Bake off would be awesome
 I gotta say I like the brewing/baking combo you got going on
 Nice synergy
 But yeah would also be good to round out the portfolio with more niche skills
 You add in some pickles and maybe some smoked meats and you've got yourself a nice picnic
 Thinking about trying cheese and butter
 then we can open an artisan goods shop in some gentrified area
 We could start our own commune at that point
 get some San serif font packaging
 Jams/preserves are a hot ticket item as well
 Aw yeah
 Get some chutneys up in this bitch
 Seriously though I'm excited to hang out with you guys again
 It'll be a good time catching up
 Same sues
 Samesies *
 should plan on labor days
 Also I accidentally made some really delicious burgers that I definitely wanna recreate ASAP
 ass burgers?
 Lol
 Niiice
 Yeah let's do Labor Day
 'so good you'll end up on the autism spectrum'
 lol ref to the south park shit episode
 Yup
 I'll keep labor day clear
 Unrelated but I'm drinking in a hostel in Vancouver with a bunch of foreigners and apparently Australians refer to pedophiles as 'kiddie fiddlers' and I thought that was hilarious
 Lmao that's gold
 haha...peeeedo
 I just ate the whole loaf...
 
 Hahaha
 Atta boy
 
 ÄÄÄ
 
 
 Hahaha
 
 'wandering into a dangerous situation'... Good thing the rough parts of Somerville are almost nonexistent now. Won't get people trying to snag a Pikachu in the hood.
 http://www.curbed.com/2016/7/14/12125466/strip-clubs-gentrification-atlanta-magic-city
 So far I've only eaten a thing of oatmeal today. Not sure why I'm not hungry
 Oh actually no I know
 Nm
 meth
 Loaves of meth
 At 1 in the morning
 Hahaha
 First time I saw the marked safe feature on Facebook used. I guess it's the next evolution of social media towards more meaningful purposes.
 
 
 
 Time to start cheesing and putting our beards to good use.
 Nice
 I'm down
 the beauty of fermented/preserved foods is their increased shelf life. Though at the expense of longer/riskier lead time.
 or you could always repack someone else's bulk generic product into smaller nicely labeled portions. And float the price increase on our beards and membership in the millennial age group.
 
" Had to call up a guy after denying his wife's medications. Was unhappy he had to pick up an OTC made in Japan. Guy went on a nativist rant about immigrants receiving free benefits and what not. My mind drifted off to thoughts of similar people in a mass, current and past upwellings of populism and the consequences.... not surprised by his sentiments but it left me with a sinking feeling regarding humanity."
 Well at least there's always Pokemon
" Also, just want to share that I had the opportunity to shit in the woods twice this weekend during a two day backpacking trip with my dad and his coworkers. Amazing and recommendable experience. Very liberating. Butze, have you tried it yet? Also, we should do a section of the long trail some time soon. Can't believe I didn't try out backpacking earlier. So fun"
 amazing referring to backpacking or releasing the chocolate dragon in the woods?
 Both and now also to calling it 'releasing the chocolate dragon' hahaha
 https://youtu.be/zM1P0oc2-es
 ref.
" Jim, is that feasibility study for CT mileage tax something you'll be doing?"
 Not me specifically
 But my company is
 ah. so there won't be reports with a picture of you giving a double thumbs up.
 that's how I imagine your feasibility reports ending for clients
 Usually is
 Always thought the wacarnolds rib sandwich toll strategy would be best. Mileage tax just seems about as annoying as old school electric/gas meter reads.
 We have problems with the mileage tax tbh
 If it replaces gas tax it doesn't favor one type of vehicle over another
 No incentive to reduce emissions or increase fuel efficiency
 right. long distance heavy commuters would be hit the hardest.
 Yeah
 Tolls still look like the best alt on my end
 Can offer programs for commuters on facilities
 so then you should change your Altima to a Hummer
 And free alternatives
 yeah those no booth tolls on mass Pike are pretty sweet. Alternatives like CT fast trak? Seems like a good amount of people actually use it.
" Sup yallll ò just got back on the grid again.  Courtney and I were backpacking in the Canadian Rockies for 3 days.  To answer your question Alex yes I have shit in the woods, a few times in Colorado and it is awesome.  Surprisingly the two places I've been backpacking though have both had outhouses at the campsites so no hole-squatting there"
 Probably because they're national parks and they want to reduce impact on the environment.  Human dookie all over the place isn't great I guess
 Sounds like a pretty rad time
" Sean, are you still in mid-travelling, or are you back in the northeast?"
" Still traveling, returning in early August then going on a couple short trips.  So I'll see y'all Labor Day weekend hopefully"
 that's quite the walkabout.
 Indeed
 
 
 
 
 Holy shit that looks awesome!
 Yeah dude it's the most insane place.  Even better than Colorado.  Google 'Banff' and look at the pics that come up.  Can't believe I had ever heard of this place
 Banff...what a name... and that lake
 And Pokemon in Somerville.... holy shit. It's just like firing up okc/bumble around here.
 All those effing twenty somethings
 
 I would believe you if you told me that was an onion article
 Jesus
" Cross promotion with a little a sprinkle of 0.5Ö discount on Wells Fargo loans for prime members. But either with the high fixed rate loan or the variable rate.... shit, it's playing just the tip."
 Just a breeze loans
 https://youtu.be/GoWblwKdeHg
 Amazon lubing deals made me think of this old clip.
 Lol such a classic
 
 Banff lake right?
 It's called emerald lake.  There are a ton like that in the area though.  Minerals from the glaciers make it that color I think
 Nice. Must be some serious copper in the water.
 
 LOL
 So good
 Alex did you defend your thesis yet?
" Not yet, was a little set back by the India trip, aiming for end of August to defend."
 Oooo he's tryin!
 Hahaha sure am
" So who's in for Hops in the Hills? It's August 6th and I'll be going up to VT on the 4th. Sean, I think you said you're traveling, but I figured I'd double check. Also, Jim, feel free to bring Aru if you're able to come. Dave, you should see the new brew equipment my dad's picked up. It's gettin serious haha"
" Aw man I really wanna come for that.  Leaving Montana on August 1st and was estimating I'd be back in mass on the 7th.  I guess there's a chance if I activate Wu-drive I could make it, but probably not super likely"
 :/ that's the weekend I fly out for my vacation
 Hope you guys enjoy though
 Jim's taking a vacation?? ò
 2 vacations actually 
 Though the second one is just to spend time with my parents/my dad's birthday
 Damn son
 Nice
 I'm on call that weekend and I'll be in Somerville for some final clean up with for the rental.
 Also I saw the Cascade brick your dad posted on fb. Wish my poopy butthole hops plants made that much hops flowers. Is he making an IPA?
 
 
 Lmao
 
 Started reading the issue. Interesting to get the farmers perspective on food and their struggles.
" Cool.  There's also a pair of articles outlining the global vs local food debate, very similar to what we were discussing a while back"
 Is the magazine also full of ads for super niche products?
 I always enjoyed the advertisements for specific brands of manhole covers and blind pedestrian crosswalk location bumps
 I'll have to check
 
 nothing really niche. It's not really an ad driven magazine. Looks like it's funded by various Canadian agricultural commission
 so that technique works with pubes too right. Remember 'the hobbit' from urban dictionary.
 Lol probably
 wouldnt hair underwear be the most uncomfortable thing ever
 almost like a 19th century anti masturbation device
 I dunno maybe not. It does grow on/around your junk anyway
 but hair naturally grows away from the body. Hair underwear would be like scrubbing your junk with a bristle brush.
 well I hope we all don't get pube sweaters from you for Christmas
 Was looking at Crock-Pots. There's Wi-Fi linked ones that can be controlled remotely. They just made the laziest cooking method even lazier.
 Why would you even need that
 
 'And the we'll take the sex robot for my grandson'
 haha
" Forget wifi, I personally prefer devices with Meeseeks compatibility."
 
 Haha took me a while to get it
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXB988kF3hI
 Hilarious
" Everyday I look out the kitchen window and the same bird squats over the deck rail and drops a deuce. Sometimes I start tapping on the window to scare it off. Instead of flying away, the bird turns it's head, stares me down, and proceeds to squeeze one out. This morning the 6 droppings formed an evenly spaced line in the rail. I'm getting trolled by nature."
 on*
 That's the first law of nature
 All birds are assholes
 can I borrow your stray cat?
 You probably could benefit from a tabby wreaking some havoc
 I think he got adopted though
 ah bummer. Should've took it home with you after buying it dinner.
 It hopefully at least has a better life now
" Plus I'm not gonna leave a cat alone in an apartment for 3,4 days at a time"
 It ain't right
" true. Cat probably would've gone to town on your apartment. Could always take it to work as a 'therapy animal', let it loose on clients you don't like."
 Office cat?
 Or enhance presentations with a cat
 Really should design some app based remote pet care devices
 yeah like a roomba
 Just have a roomba mouse I can activate with my phone
 Maybe a cat feeder and waterer
" If that system existed, I drop a cat or two in my Somerville basement"
 It's probably doable with a raspberry pi or two
 Maybe someone has something premade
 That auto catfarm
 Feed and Go Smart Pet Feeder with Webcam & Wi-Fi https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00UNQZ2QI/ref=cm_sw_r_wa_apa_APqMxbCVNQFFG
 yep I guess they do exist.
 Lol nice
 Just pair it with one of those weird mouse ball things and you've got yourself a remote pet
 It will probably hate the shit out of you of you ever see it in person though
 lol yeah. It would probably think it's owner is a electronic Tupperware box.
 Lol yeah
 You're just the guy who restocks the shelvez
 man serves the machine that serves the cat
 some ex machina -esq shit
 • this convo
 Pets left hungry as smart feeder breaks - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-36912992
 all that talk about auto pet feeders and this article hits the news today.
 
 
 
 http://motherboard.vice.com/read/what-computers-dream-of-when-they-look-at-porn-nsfw?utm_source=vicefbanz&utm_campaign=global
 I forgot how disturbing these are.
 
 So grim
 
 Lol
 http://ny.curbed.com/2016/8/1/12342638/bedford-avenue-williamsburg-brooklyn-gentrification
 when indie niche evolves into upscale cookie cutter. Jim probably gets to see this firsthand.
 Lol I am. Aru is really excites about the whole foods being opened
" I gotta say though, I have no idea how some of those businesses on Bedford survive. A surprising amount of weird artsy junk still being sold"
 Most likely running at a loss. They'll get replaced by upscale chain. The non well heeled artsy folk and hipsters will then flock to the next cheap area.
" Word on the street is Bronx is next. Large number of permits being issued in some areas... not sure how long this growth will sustain though... like yeast in bread, there's a limit to the number of CO2 bubble condos."
 Hmm I would have thought it'd be queens
 it's already happening in Queens
 Bronx lofts by historic Fat Joe residence.
" As Juvenile's hit song played in my head this morning, I thought to myself: The edited version with the chorus 'Back that thang up' would be perfect for a cloud based backup service commercial."
 Lol
 
" Sean if you can cop an 8 track recorder or laser disc press at a flea market, you could drop a TLS release on some uber limited release. Make a name on the music blogs."
" laser disc is for vids though, so you could just set images of your junk to music... There's probably only 2 people on earth who can play it anyways."
 Lol
 There's no way I would break even on either of those
 yeah those formats are garbage anyways. Need to step it up to the real OG shit
 http://www.vulcanrecords.com/custom-work/
 Dem Edison spinners
 Wow
 Dat Edison Phonograph
 Definitely need one of these bad boys installed in the trunk with a massive acoustic horn
 Lol
 #flossin
 
 Too real
 
 No save the whales plate though so they ain't a real G
 
 That's some next level shit
 dat gucci mane grinder
 Might just straight up buy an espresso machine once I start makin that Internet money
 Imagine our decadent Vermont breakfasts augmented with real cappuccinos and shit
 The universe might implode
 
 http://www.citylab.com/work/2016/08/why-it-sucks-to-play-pokemon-go-if-youre-poor/494765/?utm_source=nl__link3_080816
 Aww shit happy bday jimbo
 Aw thanks guys
" Happy birthday, Jim! My app stopped sending notifications again. Looks like I missed some great stuff on here."
" Welcome back, was getting worried about you.  Almost done with the the thesis?"
 Hit a little obstacle. Nothing serious just time consuming. Should be done by the end of this month and defending by the middle of Sept
" Gotta get the beats right, like Detox"
 Ah cool
 Good luck Alex. Let us know if that defense is open to the public. Would love to see that sweet modified shortest path algo in action
 Same!
" Thanks, yeah it's open to the public and I definitely let you guys know when it's finally scheduled"
 
 etc*
 Lol
 
 
 some snazzy lens with too on a broom closet
 Probably like 4K a month
 What's the location
" West village, renting for 2500 schmeckles"
 That's actually a pretty reasonable price
 New York is crazy pricy
 yeah seemed about right. places start due that in the city
 at*
 I don't know how anyone could live in Manhattan without making minimally 100k and eating ez-mac or splitting a broom closet studio with a roomie.
 Boston : anal : : NYC : 3P
 Lol
 'Aaaaaaand it's gone'
 ?
" btw labor day is still on right? Because if it is, Sean, I may need your help with picking up some freshly choked out chickens in Cambridge."
 I'm definitely still in for Labor Day
 Shweeeet
 Been dialing in a new sourdough recipe in preparation
 ooh nice. And Jim do you still have that bacon wrapped pineapple jammed in a chicken's ass recipe?
 
 Hahaha
 'Backdoor Baguettes'....YouTube bread baking channel. Tons of closeup shots of the dough and hype man interjections.
 Love it
 I've still got the swineapple recipe in my back pocket
 https://open.spotify.com/album/1v2Hyrmxi8b9CqcI2sHkIF
 some garage door uplifting tunes for y'all.
 as opposed to say mathbonus who's stuff is in the tub drowner side of the electronic music spectrum.
 
 Looks pretty auth
 
 
 
 Hot damn
 Oooo weeee
 Labor day's comin up quick
 Hope ur hungry
 per usual I'll be showing up with a bulge of meats
 trying to find a fresh choked heirloom pig from a local farm
" We do need a pig, right? I'm assuming a suckling pig should have a large enough cavity for a pineapple."
 Hahaha
 That will be so epic if you roll up with an entire pig
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mZE9fJ-ER0M
 You can get those whole pigs with the box used to smoke it
 Sort of like a keg but with meat
 Well looks like the Berkshire strain of baby pigs are not available at the nearby farm. Only got some lean strain piglets. Good news for them because I won't have to make eye with their eater.
 But I can still pick up some OG strain back ribs and loin chops from local meat dealer.
" All we would need is a rack of boneless ribs or a pork loin. We don't have to do swineapple btw, it's just something else to bring to the table"
 I'm just excited to try my burger recipe again
 
 haha
 
 trying not to burst out laughing in the office
 Sean Paul
 Haha awesome. Why is 'Patriots' in quotes? Is the mascot meant to be ironic?
 Haha I have no idea
 There's also a noticeable lack of laser beams in the background of what appears to be a school portrait used on the ID.
 also 50 cent's in da club just started playing in my head
 Haha
 
 ç
" Hey Sean, is Rob coming up this weekend?"
 Thinking of making a meat whishlist for the the labor day wknd
 'meat wish list' lol
 Yeah I'm pretty sure he's gonna come
 Was planning to bring Courtney too if that's cool with everyone
 Cool with me
" Dave, would you want to group up at Costco before we head up?"
 She said she'll contribute a dish or two.  Maybe a desert and a vegetable
 I'm cool with that as well
" Was thinking burgers, some sort of steak, and the pig/pineapple turducken"
 I think I don't think I have to work that day but I could def carpool if you want to do that
 Hmm maybe I could leave early depending on how much I have to do
 Maybe we should map out a build order for the weekend like last New Years haha
 For Courtney we could try doing some legit veggie burgers
 Been trying to dial in a recipe based off of some I've tried in the past
" I was thinking burgers for lunch, maybe with some homemade sourdough buns?"
 She's not vegetarian FYI unless you just wanna do em for the lulz
 Steak/swineapple dinners with that brown boule
 Oh nm I thought she was
 My b
 oh then no need to dial back the meat
 But she has a farmshare right now so she gets a crate full of local veggies every week so we could bring tons of good shit
 I could still try. The veggie burgers are as good as any meat burgers I've had in the past
 Kale fennel beets heirloom tomatoes and shit
 What kind of veggies does she have access to
 Ah
 Heirloom tomatoes are where it's at
 This season has been shit for mass produced grape/cherry tomatoes
 It's different every week
 So won't know til a couple days before
 That lootcrate
 Fruitcrate
" Sean, you have a bread wishlist?"
 Or a build order
 Haha not really.  Just been working on perfecting this 50% whole wheat sourdough recipe which is pretty versatile.  Not sure if I wanna do anything additional bc the process is so time consuming
 I'll think about it though.  There's different things you can still do with the same dough
 Very true
 Other ppl are welcome to make some as well
 my bread baking skills are not up to snuff.
 I'm confident I can keep us supplied with loaves
 pinching loaves
 that's the type of loaves I'll be making with the amount of food we're consuming
 Haha
 There's a police presence at Costco because a group of protestors plan on wearing hazmat suits and dumping blood on themselves in the meat section
 Lol wow
" Check out Montieth and the new dorm at UConn. They put up these video tours on YouTube. The guy moves kind of slow, so you have to fast forward https://youtu.be/kcff9HxcTIE"
 https://youtu.be/hvKtgQGSPzQ
 Christ almighty
 Bet they're jackin tuition up like a motherfucker to cover that.  'Lifetime of debt? Nah it's just a breeze baby'
 Monteith Sneak... all the way up in yo ass via student loans
 Hahaha
 waiting for Tony Eveready to donate big to the school and rename the building
 But I'm also kind of jealous that we graduated right before uconn stopped being totally shitty.  Coulda been gettin froyo and sushi on the reg
 Those kids will never know about skeletons closet
 Nope
 Weird that South is probably the shitty dining hall now
 kinda like gentrification of dorms
 I wonder if there plans to update the alumni dorms
 And McMahon is the best dining hall now. Total flip. And they're tearing down the grad dorms across from the coop. Doesn't look like they're doing anything with alumni
 blow down since walls so there's open concept dorm living where everyone can see you wamk it
 wank*
 Haha
 Things done changed
 they probably also need a shitty dorm to dump honors kids... Butts toured the facility if I remember correctly
 They've improved the place so much that I might be fooled into sending my spawn there in the future.
 Having an existential crisis. Who wants pheasant and rack of lamb along with OG oinks?
 Haha wait are you having an existential crisis about the meat selection or wanting to buy meat because of said crisis?
 I also am unclear on Dave's statement
 I'm buying meat because of said crisis. Sometimes life makes you want to you buy a serious meat spread. Because life.
 Dave bb r u ok?
 A family friend was recently murdered. So I've been lost in thoughts about the Sisyphean struggle of life. I'm glad we're all still alive.
" Shit Dave, I'm so sorry. It's never easy to deal with news like that"
 I hope the family is able to cope. I hope you guys are too
 Wow so sorry to hear that.  That's terrible.
 Well I'm looking forward to seeing you all.  Hopefully spending some time together will be positive /helpful for you (via bros 4 life).  I will be sure to bring good vibes
" Yup, it'll be all good vibes and meat sweats"
 Ah sorry for dropping a real bummer into the chat. But definitely looking forward to this weekend and some good times.
" Current my meat list: 2 Berkshire pig back rib racks, 2 pheasants (maybe 3, they're smallish birds), large slab of Berkshire pork butt. May end up be subbing with Angus/dry aged steaks or fresh chickens or whatever distracts me at the meatman shop"
 Damn that's quite a build order
 Alex is the wood oven ready for use? If so we should plan to make some kind of pizza or flatbread for one meal
 ò gonna need to bring some fiber one for this trip
 good idea it'll be like dunking a beach ball after these meals
 I'm glad you can share with us tho Dave. Always happy to talk with you guys
 Let me know if it makes sense for me to bring up stuff separately/split the meat load
 It seems like a lot
 Never cooked pheasant or pork booty before
" Pork butt is same as pork shoulder, so typically you slow cook it to make pulled pork"
 yep that's the plan... maybe pulled pork pizza
 ç
 Hoo wee
 yeah pheasant not to sure. might just opt for fresh chicken's
 2 of them and try different styles
 See what kind of weird shit we can stuff up their butts
 We could do Dutch oven chicken
 The brick oven is operational
 we're gonna need some high quality BBQ sauce. Dunno if I should pick up a Costco jug of sweet baby rays
 
 haha
 or if someone has some artisanal smash your grandma BBQ sauce
 smack*
 Stubbs is really good
 I'll end up making a BBQ sauce infused with pork souls during the cooking process though. A good base sauce is useful but not required
" Jim, do you want to carpool up to vt?"
 Sure dave
 I'm out of work 5 on Friday
" I'm still working out how this week is gonna be, I'm trying to fit in a wfh on Friday so we can head up earlier"
 Dat WFH
 oh now I got the acronym
 Oh yeah dat work from hurk
 http://9gag.com/gag/aObyQpN?ref=9g.wsa.mw
 haha nice
 what's the head count? so I can determine how to scale the meat pick up
 Courtney can't come unfortunately but Rob is coming
 Bummer dude. it'll be a dudes night out
 
 trip down memory lane
 Haha damn good times at red rock
 http://tinyhousetalk.com/adventurous-couples-diy-school-bus-motorhome/
 magic school bus
 Fuck yeah
 This is more or less my life game plan
" That tiny house, big living?"
" Always wondered how you'd power something like that. Do they have to find a place to plug into, or do they have some detachable solar power deal"
" Not sure, possibly both.  Usually you'd have a generator on board but also the ability to plug in when you go to rest stops and campgrounds"
" Electricity comes from three solar panels that charge batteries hidden beneath the bus. A 12-volt system powers the LED lighting and appliances, and a 110-volt system runs the outlets. ÄWe use as much power as we want,Äù Pelletier says.†"
 Huh. Pretty impressed with that
 Nice
 Though I'm still more inclined towards fixed house living (modern plumbing) and to do something like this
 https://valhallamovement.com/learn-how-this-family-grows-6000-lbs-of-food-on-just-110th-acre/
 That's pretty awesome too
 There are many paths to the auth life
 never go back to the carpet store
 You guys feel like doing a little hike in the woods this weekend like last time?
 Yeah definitely
" Nice, I'm going to see if I can find some new trail options to check out"
 Cool
 Gotta offset the massive calorie intake
 Gotta make my dating profile feel legitimate
 Though I get the feeling the need may be ending soon.
 Oh yeah? You been seeing someone?
 
 Oooh shit son
 Ahhh booyah
 Do you guys have any interest in kayaking? My parents and uncle pay are going either Saturday or Sunday and they said they'd reserve us kayaks too if we wanted to go.
 Does the Pope's dick fit through a donut hole?
 http://i.imgur.com/NoaPq5N.gif
 I'd be into some kayaking this wknd
 Sure
 Awesome
 btw Sean how's that new Priceline negotiator job going.
 I start on Tuesday
" Ah. Well if the Shatner wants you to watch him negotiate a wank, don't break eye contact."
 Haha
" Alright got the farm veggies, we got: kale, mixed greens, parsley, 1 green bell pepper, 3 jalape√±os, 1 large eggplant,  1 cucumber, celery and 1 tomato"
 Can probably do a salad and also use some for pizza toppings
 Aahhh sheeeeuuuuttt
 
" Dang, was trying to record this barred owl that I keep hearing"
 Things doing its version of tinder
 Aw shiiit
 I heard that mofo 12 seconds in
 
 
 Yep
 Gonna make some real existential bread
" just picked up some serious meats from Meatman: 2 racks of baby back ribs, pork shoulder and 2 chickens."
 
 Lol nice
 Which one are we eating this wknd?
 Just a pic from the local farm. Unfortunately I didn't get to look the pig on the eyes. But it's one of these types of oinkers
 pretty sure if I got to know the pig personally... we'd be eating vegetables and I'd have a pet pig in my backyard.
 so Jim should head down to your place after work? ETA 530
" Jim, how are we doing this carpool thing....Need to know... like Marc Anthony"
 Lmao
" I was just gonna text you, been super busy this morn"
" Head to my place after work, I'm gonna get out around 515-530 and should be home by about 545"
" Sean, are you carpooling with Rob/when are you heading up?"
 Yeah I'm driving us up.  Probably leaving around 6 or 7
 Ok cool
 Gonna be late to new Haven. Got a weird case to wrap up before I leave work
" Aw damn, just got out of work myself"
 Oh btw are you guys still interested in having steak this wknd? I can head to the co op to see if they have any good meats
 damn we really gonna flip the dick down this weekend
" I can wait for you, Dave, if you wanna take a look at the potential meats"
 I'm guessing eta 6 depending on traffic
 Also I wan a make sure you have space in your cooler
 
 Awesome
 Haha sweet
 I'm gonna grab some ny strip steaks
 How much meat do you have so far?
 Also wanna get hamburger meat but we can get that in vt
 Also we probably have a good 20 pounds of meat by now
 no need to keep track....it's just a breeze
 Just got 5 ny strip steaks
 Lol @ flip the dick down
" Haha aahhh sheeeuuutt, I think I'm getting anticipatory meat sweats"
 Can't wait to watch Jim freak that bitch out
 At rob's now bout to head out
 Probably 10:15-10:30 arrival
 Sounds good
 btw everyone Chris is getting married today..... meditate in that.....
 
" Thanks for coming up guys! Another successful, meat-filled extravaganza."
" Sean, I think you may have left your preserves. We can mail them to you. Just let me know your address"
 Yeah what a rad weekend!
 Ah shit yeah I did forget those
 Maybe I can just wait til the next time I see you.  Shipping those would be kind of a pain
 British mapmaker highlights rudest places in Australia - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-australia-37283790
 'There are hundreds and hundreds of Knobs all over Australia but there is one called Prominent Nob in South Australia and that does make us laugh.'
 
 
 Haha
 
 
 Mrw
 Mfw*
 
" And I'm back.  New phone, other one shit the bucket last night."
 All my VT pics are forever encrypted . Just got the memories.
 Nice staff pic. Too bad they didn't add the 'backend developer' bit. Would work well with your sneaky butcher/Baker moniker.
 lol yeah
" Dave, your phone shit the bucket too? The last message I sent on my last phone was in this chat and then it never turned on again. Just got a new phone today"
 Yeah this is a case of when technology doesn't win.
 
 Lol I already posted this yesterday my bad
 Guess I subconsciously felt it deserved an encore
 
 3 loafs at the same damn time
" Everytime I see that movie poster, I hear the south park shit movie narrations."
 Rob Schneider is... A carrot
 
 Hahaha
 Lol nice
" Better ingredients, better sex"
 Haha that's great
 
 
 Dem holes
 First time trying an oval shape loaf. Kinda prefer it over boules.  Way easier to work with
 
 Looks amazing
" Dude you should totally open a bakery....fluff up the brand via social media, hire cheap the labor, rapidly expand to multiple locations, go public, pump the stocks, and cash out before the business becomes a fiery wreck....you know that simple artisan dream."
 Lol
 I was just crunching some numbers actually.  Making a ton of assumptions but I think it would be possible to clear maybe 50k a year as a one man operation if you could do 100 loaves per day 5 days a week
 Not exactly internet money but you could live
" Gotta make it cash only.  Maybe entirely internet based bread order/delivery.  Forgo store front, so you can avoid paying for desirable location."
 Yeah that's a good idea
 One person I follow on Instagram does a monthly bread share program similar to a farm share.  60 bucks a month for 2 loaves every week.  That's about $7 per loaf
 Wow. Shipping costs must be high. Bread has extremely low shelf life.
" Never tried it, but I wonder if vacuum bagging bread increases shelf life"
 Then again it's a moisture issue. Maybe plan and freeze months of 80% cooked loafs. Then finish them before each shipment. It's 'fresh'
 http://qz.com/571151/the-mast-brothers-fooled-the-world-into-buying-crappy-hipster-chocolate-for-10-a-bar/
 Just remember that thick beard of yours helps cover up artisanal corner cuts.
 Lol
" It's pick-up only, no delivery"
 Shelf life too short for delivery
 Without preservatives you got like 24 hrs basically
" Hmm...I guess you could sell frozen half baked loafs with cooking instructions. Then the buyer just needs to complete the baking process for fresh homemade artisan bread. It'll be like is that delivery or Digiorno? Nah, the Sneaky Baker be giving your wife baguettes and boules while you're at work."
 Yeah I dunno half baking is a little sketchy
 Ain't nothing sketchy about compromising your art so you can improve the reliability of your supply and make mo money.
 Lol I think you're kinda missing the point
 It would be difficult to find the right point to stop baking and flash freeze. Like a sweet spot that preserves moisture and structure.
 Also doesn't get the health inspector to straight up murder you with fines
 Guess I'm not the only sneaky baker around  https://instagram.com/p/BAmbzFTSDW-/
 There can only be one...
 Capitalism at its finest http://fox61.com/2016/09/09/members-only-ultra-luxury-gas-station-coming-to-greenwich/
 But do they jack you of after you pay for gas?
 Off*
 For that amount of money they better
 RI seafood festival for permits for the keystone XL pipeline.
 Lol why
 Wut*
 Date
 Ah
 Just remembered this gem from a few years back and read it to Courtney http://www.celebritynetworth.com/articles/entertainment-articles/the-most-embarrassing-private-jet-flight-of-all-time/?fb_action_ids=10200881266696504&fb_action_types=og.likes
 Such a classic.  The Italian carpenter part makes me die every time
 'I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry'... Makes me think of Bear Grylls vs waterfall.
 Yeah
 
 Ah like cold brew oat meal. Also overnight oats sounds like an urban dictionary words.
 Haha yeah it's pretty much cold brew for oatmeal
 'I brought Jane home and served her a bowl of the ole overnight oats'
 
 Were those dry blueberries or fresh? There's a pretty strong blue hue in the milk.
 Frozen from trader joes but they thaw out over night.  I'd imagine fresh are good too
 Ah. Frozen is probably better. More flavors/sugars come out from ruptured berries. Fresh ones would probably need to be muddled a bit.
 Yeah good point
 Just had my first complementary 15 min massage at work. #internetmoney
 Umm.. Well I just made a cup of watery tea with complimentary break room supplies while staring at the floor and pondering my purpose in life. #notinternetmoneyoffice
 Sorry bro
 
 Haha that's great
 Hahaha perfect
 Btw Sean have you hiked purgatory chasm in Sutton?
 Nope
 I like the sound of that though
 Probably a good place to record a black metal album/music video
 But I gotta map a trail there. Don't wanna embarrass myself and have to permanently live in the woods.
 Id recommend getting the AllTrails app.  Very useful
 http://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/massachusetts/purgatory-chasm-trail
 Looks like it should be a pushover
 Yeah it doesn't look bad.
 Ain't no ascutney
 Takin your lady friend?
 Yep
 Nice
 Show her how much you love activities
 
 On radio this morning
 Yessss
 My name is Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid
" Haha yeah, and when I switched the channel after the song was over, I shit you not, mungo Jerry was on. Banner day already"
 Jesus
 Fuckin multiple
 #haveadrinkhaveadrive
 
 What do you do with all the loafs you bake? Seems like you're cranking out at least 1 daily.
" Now that I'm working I only bake once a week, maybe twice.   My mom and Courtney eat a fair portion of it.  Also I usually slice them up and store in freezer so it lasts longer.  Even got some in the freezer at work "
 Sneaky Baker stashing bread everywhere
 You know it
" If there's a full blown kitchen at your work place, you should bake loafs while coding in the backend."
 Hahaha I wish.  No oven unfortunately
 
 
 That does look good!
 I wanna cram those crevices full of butter and jam.
 Oh yeah and FYI I recently set up a dedicated Instagram account for bread stuffs: https://www.instagram.com/breadforall/
 Buildin that personal brand
 Started following you. Some pretty headsy bread talk going down
 Haha yeah I'm really going full-retard now
 
 Hahahaha
 Also like how your Instagram highlights the fact that you're 'murican
 Sean you should totally accompany each bread pic with a sweet existential metacommentary about what it means to be an artisan breadbaker
 Good idea.  Existential baking
 'does this bread have below average crumbing bcos Somerville has reached peak post-gentrification? What does it mean 2 have 'natural leavening' from yeast outside of a hole foods? Is this yeast becoming 2 mainstem?'
 Hahaha
 So good
 The posts practically write themselves
 Yeah you could really have a field day with that
 Prob gonna keep it serious for now though
 Keeping it safe for dat Baker networking. Probably a good call
 (via professionalism)
 
 Lol nice
 We had a meeting with some other consultants today. One of them had a great name
 Just a B Reese.
 She's offering her extra mattress to help furnish my Somerville room.... I'll take that as a good sign.
 
 Hahaha
 
 #sittingkills
 Ah the Varidesk. Been thinking about getting one too. But they don't have one that can hold 3 monitors. Plus it's harder to itch my balls in the standing position with the low cube walls.
 Lol damn you rocking three screens?
 Yeah but it's not as awesome as it sounds. Mostly need 3 screens because our software isn't efficients and isn't consolidated. Screens are also relatively small 16 inches... But still takes up a large footprint
 Also Nice keyboard too... How's it working so far?
 
 Haha nice
 Pretty good so far I like it
 Might want to invest in some Pbt keycaps too. They wear better than the stock abs plastic.
 Ooo nice
 My boss just gave me props for the keyboard.  Gettin that nerd cred 
 And there's mice fuckin in the office walls
 ê≠í
 Lol
 Wish I had Jim's orange tabby
 Me too man 
 So I'm a bit behind on the times. But is snap chat like what's hot on the streets?
 Because I always thought it was the premier app for sending temporary dick pics.
 I don't use it but Courtney does.  Seems to be more popular with younger demographics
 Back in my day we used AIM over 56k dial up.
 Some people ask could Jordan still hang with the basketball greats today or were things just different back then.
" For me, I wonder if blood ninja could hold his own in the modern social media age. The game done changed."
 There's probably a version of blood ninja out there in the Snapchat age
 Probably dj Khaled
 
 Haha Jim's gonna use big data to flip the dick down on humanity.
 Lol bout to clown on society
" He started with tolls, told us all it was just a breeze...."
 Haha love how quickly booyah references made their way into the convo
 And then I go to Facebook and am reminded of the other move we like to reference
 
 It's a fuckin' Pomeranian. It's has fuckin papers. The dog has fuckin papers
" You can't board it, it gets upset!"
 
 Hahaha
 
" Ahhh sheeeuuuutt, delivering a complete protein source in a delicious loaf. The game really done changed"
 
 Dat ancient grains
 
" Speaking of sports, I just found that someone posted all the episodes of Running Wild with Bear Grylls. The one with Marshawn Lynch aka Beast Mode is hilarious https://youtu.be/eMnKzsYvHAs"
 Gotta get him the ball tho
 Wow haha I had no ire this was a show.  Looks amazing
 *idea
 There's a shaq episode too
 'Universal urination duration' wins Ig Nobel prize - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-34278595
 Haha wow
 Kinda reminds me of that study Alex found a while back where they were testing psychedelics on different mammals and mistakenly thought dosage scaled linearly and accidentally ODed an elephant
 I'm probably going to subconsciously time my pees in the near future
" Also, that bee study"
" You know, I mean, like, old-lady science, you know? She's a real-- You got to hang on tight, you know? Because she-- she'll-- She bucks pretty hard."
" Sometimes, you just need to know..."
 
 Whoa looking real nice
 That granite?
 Quartz spinners
 Nice
 Damn is that the third floor?
 Yeah. Same corner where there used to be a dead mouse and pile of droppings
 What's the specs on this warlock? What kind of rent you asking?
 Goddamn dude that apartment looks way nicer than the one I'm currently living in
 Although I do remember what it looked like mid-reno
" It's amazing what some nice flooring and solid countertops can do, I guess"
 I'd say the new Haven place is still better. Floors are flat and it's more roomy.
 Probably looking to rent it out for 2000
 Which is the average rate in this east Somerville for a 1 bedroom with 700sq ft
 Except this is 2 bed that's more tizight.
 Damn 2k for a 1br in east Somerville
 Massachusetts really be flipping the dick down nowadays
 Yeah game done changed
 The new build are going for 2300-2500 for a 1 bed.
 That's retarded
 Yeh they could probably hire Tony Eveready to be the spokesperson for these new places.
 It's all because of y'all internet money folks.
 ò
 
 Saw a commercial for Xfinity cable using 'x gonna give it to ya' as the
 Ending song
 
 Hahaha awesome
 Anyone else about to drink themselves into oblivion while watching our country go down the shitter tonight?
 I'm not sure I can handle watching it. It's too embarrassing
 Like how is this actually happening
 Is this interdimensional cable for a dimension where two actual turd sandwiches are finalists for the presidency
" Haha 'hey Morty, this must be the timeline where everyone went fucking crazy'"
 'Hold on lets.. Let's just see where this goes'
 Haha
 I don't want to live on this planet anymore
 It's just a breeze....
 That's the only thing I hear as we barrel toward the election.
 
 This is a fucking circus right now.  Hilary trying desperately to seem relatable and trump is straight up not even forming intelligible English sentences
" Trump makes no sense. Hillary at least looks like she has a plan, even though she is definitely pandering"
 This reminds me of the scene in step brothers with the really long fart at the job interview.
 íííííííííííííííííííí
 That was pure agony
 Horrible
 I just wish she had better charisma.   He's pushing her around and you know people are eating it up even though nothing he says is factual or makes any sense
" Yeah, I was thinking along similar lines. Not very hopeful"
 Nope.  She's gonna have to step it up big time
 
 Lol
" When the financial advisor asked about my goals, I kinda wanted to respond with 'to crush my enemies, see them driven before me, and hear the lamentations of their women'"
 LOL
 Hahaha that would have been perfect
 Just imagining that
 You getting advice on how to diversify your bonds?
 Lol yeah. My parents insisted I visit the fidelity office. Learned about some LLC strategies and the 'backdoor Roth'
 Had to really stop myself from laughing at the name.
 Lol
 I'd recommend watching the recent John Oliver special on financial advisors before you pick one.  Lots of deception and conflicts of interest in that industry
 Yeah I'll have to take a look at that
 For now ask the advice is relatively simple. No shamwow sales pitches.
 All*
 Just the fact that you're at a financial advisor blows my mind. We're old ass adults
 Also it's probably a really good idea
 Yeah that's some next level adult shit
" Definitely felt surreal. Not sure about this whole adulting thing. Shit, I flying towards my 30s and I'm still looking innuendos in finance terms."
 For*
" 'don't wanna grow up, wanna be a toys r us kid'"
 Just wanna smoke weed play Xbox and listen to relevant buzzbands 4 ever
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?ebc=ANyPxKogT_RZqUKxaJ73aoq_FoT1qbGYmY4-loSHR2aNTyvuvvHGHsuZXOiqfJMq1jiSIHYwX29_jTQyF-rNsmVbRewP002QCg&v=gvZSpET11ZY
 https://www.google.com/amp/www.forbes.com/sites/davidmarotta/2012/06/11/fee-only-financial-planner-whats-the-difference/amp/?client=safari
 A close family friend is a financial advisor which is mostly how I know about the subtleties of it
 https://www.google.com/amp/amp.space.com/34211-spacex-mars-interplanetary-transport-concept-video.html?client=ms-android-verizon
 So fucking rad
 Thanks for the finance advisor info. Definitely help me keep my finance butthole tizight.
" Yep I hope I have 200k lying around when the program kicks off. Wanna be the Martian Neil Armstrong, one giant wank for mankind."
 Lmao on that one stroke for man
 Hahahaha
" Also Spotify daily mixes, that algorithm really knows how to fondle my brain balls."
 
 Shout out to my boi Quetzalcoatl
 Lol nice
 She wants suggestions for new music from what I listen to....I think I'll ease in with some Caspian.
 Haha
 Just slip it right on in there...
 Stick to the hits first haha
 Maybe some khatmandu by bob seger
 'Kuh kuh kuh kuh khaattmmaaanndduuu' - my favorite lyric from that one
 Probably slip a little pants meet shit in for funsies
" You could always do Napalm Death's U Suffer. If you slip that in, she won't even be fully sure that a song was actually played"
 Not sure if iTunes broken or just napalm death
 We suffer but why?
 
 Someone at the office just used the words thirsty Thursday in a professional email.... Wtf
 I'll go grab my nalgene
 Let's do a power hour y'all
 
 
 Hahaha love it
" Was thinking isn't the concern of music artists not being paid enough related to supply and demand. Recording equipment and computer software is so accessible that countless bedroom musicians have sprung up. The market is overwhelmingly flooded with producers and there products. Also there are a multitude of distribution methods (traditional physical copies, YouTube, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, torrent sites, Spotify). When supply is tipped to such extreme, prices would approach zero. Just find the situation to be basically individuals refusing to adapt to the changing market and acknowledge the game done changed."
" So music track themselves really are worth $0.0001a play or approaching free via pirating. And the artist doesn't make tracks to profit directly. But instead creates tracks/songs to grow their brand, which is then leveraged for profit via shows, endorsements, etc."
" Just my musings with caffeine coursing through me. Maybe, Sean, as a someone with commercial releases and interactions with smaller artists could provide an opinion."
" I've often thought about the revenue model for music streaming sites. With things like YouTube or Pandora/Spotify with advertisements, ad revenue can be directly tied to an individual artist's popularity. With a paid streaming service, it's that much more of an indirect correlation between popularity and sales, and you don't get a feel of an individual fan's willingness to  pay for additional goods/services/ad products. Seems like individual artists with a significant amount of fans (like Beyonce and Kanye with that whole tidal thing) can hold sway over the market"
 I personally still like the band camp/ad supported method of selling IP
 Yeah I dunno I don't really know whether it's harder or easier for artists to earn a living today.  Probably easier than 10 years ago at least when distributors hadn't caught up to the technology yet.
 It gets complicated whenever a small number of ppl control distribution of something though because they can basically drive the price down by being the only means of getting your product sold.  So hard to say whether a stream is really 'worth' what an artist is paid for it
" Depends on what your beliefs are about Capitalism, the one True God of America"
 FYI new tycho album just dropped
 Aw shit
 Bout to make those guys like $0.02
 Man this is some next level shit.  Loving it
 Yeah really digging it too. Really tickles the brain balls.
 Fondling em
 
 Related: https://mobile.twitter.com/GuyInYourMFA/status/781601700260024320
 Goddamn that guy got nothing but sassy replies
 
 Kayak riding you hard?
 Haha no not really.  It's pretty chill
 Can't complain
 Alex when u defending bro?  Not pulling a Detox on this Ph.D. are you?
 Trying to defend sometime next month. Had to slow down a little. I was getting too burned out. Slowly but surely I'm getting there.
 Cool.  Next month as in October or November?
 Most likely November
 Cool hang in there.  Can't wait for that shit to drop
 
 
 Lol wut
 Weird there's a couple Spotify playlists for the genre but pretty much no other info on the web about it. Maybe they're trying to invent genres now
 I flipped through the playlist for the genre...I guess vapor twitch is what I refer to as melodic trap music
 
 50k for and additional 2 months of life?  Shit ain't cheap
 And usually when you reach the point for this med.... Those won't be 2 pleasant months either.
 Seems like a bad investment
 Wow. 'more moments' wasn't even a fun tagline; it was a literal description of the drug's benefit
 More moments.... Spent in pain and worrying about impending doom.
 As Missy Elliott would say 'Is it worth it?'
 Cashing in on the universal human fear of mortality.  Dark.
 That's why there's people like me who use rules and regs backed by the gov to tamp down those notions of life at all costs.
 
" Say dude, where is your car?"
" Alex, any idea what the hell is going on up at UConn? http://www.cbsnews.com/news/no-clowning-around-police-clown-threats-hoaxes/"
 http://patch.com/connecticut/mansfield/scary-clown-rumors-send-uconn-students-cemetery-streets-hockey-sticks-golf-clu
 Apparently UConn students are fixing to take matters in their own hands
 The second article made me laugh because they use the word fracas to describe the clown hunt on Monday
 I feel like I missed some big national trend. Really feeling like a child wandering into the middle of a movie
 I kind of feel bad for clowns.
 New meaning to getting clowned on.
 Has the whole world gone crazy? Am I the only one who gives a shit about the rules?
 
 
 Ah fuckin' multiple
 
 Haha
 
 Ahhh boooyyyaahhhh
 Do I see some additional grains and/or veggies in that loaf?
 Sweet potato 
 Goddamn he's a madman
 Sounds pretty damn good
 Can't stop won't stop
 So there's a Twitter account that's just a neural network trained with nothing but trump transcripts
 https://mobile.twitter.com/deepdrumpf
 That's incredible
 
 DeepDream is the stuff of nightmares
 Especially when you toss Trump into it.
 Looks like emperor palpatine
 He's got the illuminati eye on the back of his head. Seems pretty legit
 And I totally missed all the bread porn. Looks like you took the bread game to 11.
 sweet potato... Game done changed
 It's 1 more delicious
 All these voice assist devices from tech companies.... Looking forward to being able to yell out 'play that nuts coming out of the ass sound' and every room reverberates as the foomp sound blasts out a house-wide speaker system. The future is exciting.
 I could also see voice assist changing the game for online porn searches.
 scoutsomerville.com/oat-shop-davis-square/
 Artisanal oatmeal.....
" Love the quote, 'my horse would LOVE this!' Haha, just saw the voice assist post too. Hilarious."
 I'm sold.  Sounds delicious
 Haters gonna hate
" Yeah I gotta admit I'm intrigued. Some of the flavor blends sound dope. Though the health conscious part is a bit false, most of the options will probably be loaded with fat and sugar unless you get stock oatmeal."
 But you gotta give the people what they want. Like that UConn student union salad place that masqueraded as a healthy option. Or people just assumed plants equates healthy even if it's floating in a bucket of ranch dressing.
 Isn't oatmeal big in Germany?  Over the summer in Canada this German guy came into a cafe and tried to order oatmeal and was very disappointed when they said they didn't have any
 Some form of porridge is big in every culture. But I think we shy away from it nowadays because of modern package breakfast foods. It would be cool if someone opened a multi ethnic porridge shop.
 Yeah I'm into it
 Bagels and breakfast sandwiches are great but it gets a little old
 Hey Sean amongst your tech coworkers how many own condos in the Boston area? Or Alex dunno if you know if the majority of your sister's coworkers own in the Boston area?
 Reason I ask is because my street had a recent jump in sales with a bunch of places gutted and condo converted.
 I'm not sure.  My team is on the older side.  The two guys close to my age both rent.  Everyone else owns homes in the burbs.
 Hmm... I'm trying to figure out who are the folks buying up multi family condo converts.
 May have to do the same on my place. Cash out while the economy is at peak before the cycle begins down swing/recession
 Yeah I dunno.  Probably a tough call.  Seems like property values could climb way higher as gentrification expands into east Somerville
 Yeah in planning on holding at least another 1.5 years. When the sales on my street and the neighboring streets go through I'll probably dump it.
 Then again o need to access how resilient prices in the area were during the last recession
 Give er the ol 'pump n dump'
 Yep
" I think the same thing is happening in South Boston where my sister lives. Especially near her condo there are a number of newly converted and new build condos. Just walking around the neighborhood, you'll see a lot of people who are our age with young kids who most likely work in the seaport. Kelly has said that she knows a number of people at her work who also live in south Boston. So it could be a bunch of 'Kellys' buying up condos in Somerville"
 http://gis.vgsi.com/somervillema/Search.aspx
 Get at that property data from a semi objective source bro
 It won't tell you some of the why behind the sales but you can see larger trends if you cast a wide net
 Yep. I'm running all the addresses on my street. Thanks
 Np
 You can search the street without the number as well. I tried a blank search and it just dumped out all the records in the database
 Ooooo weeee
" You want I should build a web crawler to scoop up all that sweet, sweet property dat"
 Data?*
 I've been looking for projects to add to my portfolio that are sorta unique
 That's be awesome... Game done changed
 Nice
 Wow so my old building is worth just shy of 1 mil.  They bought it in 1984 for $80k
 Also lol @ 'bunch of Kelly's'
 I'm just imagining Kelly taking over Somerville lol. Driving hard bargains.
" I think we let our powers combine, then captain planet."
 ...I think if we combined our know how we could make a mark in real estate
 I don't doubt it haha
 Also I think if Sean's old building condo'ed out it could easily 1.4 million. Four unit multi in Somerville is slow ramp for investors
 Be*
 Cruising up Connecticut River. Lots of massive mansions and other structures built by some powerful people from back in the day. Now their names are largely forgotten. That ozymandias fate.
 
 Hahaha can confirm
 As someone who used to WFH daily
 Nothin like gettin paid to beat your meat
 ∂ Beat my meat like it owes me money. ∂
 
 Lol
 
 Seems like they take a really hands on approach to stopping masturbation
 
 
 Didn't think the bar could go any lower
 We need James Cameron
" Also, the R Kelly 'Is you tweaking?' line comes to mind. But in the sniveling Trump voice."
 Yeah trump has really fucked up the GOP.   Even Glenn Beck has started telling people to vote for Hillary.  Kind of amusing to watch the chaos ensue
" Interesting zoning in Hartford. Next to the whole spectrum of car dealerships, there's also a cluster of strip clubs, sex shops, and cheap motels."
 Great place to raise a family
 More like great place to get away from the family
" Well it looks like I'm getting a Toyota Camry. Really enhances my personal brand...'Bitch, I get 33 m-p-g... That's like a $300 annual savings. I could take you out for a few moderately priced dinners or add that to my Roth'"
 Is your accord getting up there in mileage?
 Hahaha 'add to my roth'
 Not quite. There's a motor oil burn problem. It's kinda of a problem fit this generation of accord. And I'm out of the warranty years and mileage limit. So probably best to trade it in while there's still value and avoid potential engine repair work.
 For*
 Eh makes sense. A lot of cars with moderate to high mileage have that issue. You could check the (ass) gaskets to see if you have a good seal still. Otherwise yeah you either trade it in or add some oil every couple weeks
 Haha ass gaskets.
 But yeah the piston ass gaskets are the origin of the problem. Plus my car is up for a new set of tires and there's also a defect causing premature rear break wear.  I just don't see this car being designed to hit 200k like the usual expectation of Hondas
 Well neither of those problems are bad enough to end a cars life on their own
 More like car AIDS - the resulting complications will destroy the car if not properly managed
" Yeah definitely car AIDS. Brakes are tolerable, but the engine bit is unacceptable. There's been a lawsuits over the issue already. Don't really got that kind of time to take the car to the dealer for major servicing and possibly forking out serious dosh for a bandaid solution."
" Btw, Sean when you got your rav4 in MA, did you pay the sales tax and excise tax in the same year?"
" I think the excise tax was prorated, so I paid for the remaining part of the year"
" Ah. And from what I'm reading excise tax is used in lieu of individual town prop tax like in CT but fixed to a 2.5% rate, right?"
 As far as I know the excise is the only tax you pay on the vehicle other than sales tax
 Hmm there's much to weigh... Wish I lived in the city and could get rid of the car.
 https://open.spotify.com/album/0PV4prUWnHkJ1EtwkCZVAB
 Album is all over the place with genre influences but in a good way like frantic ball fondling.
 So tableau hot shit for you data magician types? Like for making snazzy reports and slapping the big data dick on lay folks like me?
 So is*
 Companies hiring seem to like it. Shits expensive as fuck tho so I wouldn't know
 I mostly use excel and shiny
 Oh. The new company claims processing software will be delivering me reports made from tableau.
 I watched the see it in action vid on their webpage. Looked super cool according to the twenty- something working on a Mac and making reports for a indie coffee roaster
 Tableau seems decent from what I've seen. Good visualization software but it's mostly fancy formatting and polish IMO. Best used for report graphics and presentation slides you can point at while the boardroom applauds
 So it's that high quality lube for the big data dick
 Though you don't need lubed up data to show tablea's lackluster stock price after a hyped NYSE listing.
 'Bigly'
 Haha I was wondering if he actually said that
 I was giving him the benefit of the doubt thinking I just misheard big-league
 You're the puppet.
" There's a whole debate about it, but I'm pretty sure it's bigly"
 You guys watching?  I gave up after the first debate
" I guess it could be used as an adverb, but it's practically never used so it's just jarring."
 Yeah still watching the shit show.
" It's painful, but I'm still watching"
 It's like swap.avi. So awful but you can take your eyes off it.
 Can't*
 I just tapped out. Can't stand it anymore
 Yeah last time I watched I ended up drinking an entire bottle of wine unintentionally
 Just not worth the trauma
 This poor moderator is way too passive to keep this debate on the rails
 
 It's bad when listening to these two debate makes you yearn to hear Bush stumble through a speech.
 I know
 Umm
 Did trump just imply that he plans to stage a coup if he loses the election?
" 'Have you seen it, have you seen it!'"
" God, I really hope there's no violence because of that idiot"
 Accurate summary of workin at the business factory  https://mobile.twitter.com/iamdevloper/status/789234931599835136/video/1
" Yep, that heat death of the universe really kills most projects."
" Also reminds me of 'on a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero'"
 Yeah.  Also the 'like a boss' lonely island video.
 Lol so great
 Truly this is every work project involving more than 3 ppl
 #relateable
 'Gaze out the window at the happy people.  Wish you were like them.  Considering opening a bar.'
 Replace bar with artisan bakery?
 Exactly.
 And now my office is trying to figure out costumes for Halloween.... Sounds like a WFH day for me.
 Lol.  At kayak people are bringing their kids to trick or treat at the office.... 
 You should keep a plastic jack-o'-lantern full of real life advice
 Lol
 Also that means most of your office is full of young parents.
 Interesting demographics
 The concord office is
 Cambridge is younger
 Ah the create two kids and realize your city condo is too small so you trade up to the burbs situation.
 Life?
 Yeah.  Everyone in concord talks about maintaining their lawns and houses and caring for children.  Pretty riveting stuff
" I've always wondered if people actually talked at length about lawn maintenance or if it's just another 'this weather, huh?' Kinda thing"
" Like there's no way people get *that* into lawn care, right?"
 One of my coworkers legit started a sentence during lunch with 'so on Sunday I was thatching my lawn...'
 Wanted to be like 'that sounds awful'
 Lmao
 I guess it's like how we casually quote booyah
 Haha
 'so on Saturday I was single-man dping this hoe'
 What is thatching btw
 I imagine it's like putting up cover so your grass doesn't get too much sun
 But idk
 
 It's like removing the dead parts I think
 I think it's when you go through with a stiff rake and remove dead roots
 Yeah that
 And then you hang yourself in the garage
 Haha
 
" You know, just a nice little Sunday"
 It's pretty sad that lawn care actually dominates the majority of weekends in suburban life
 I think I'm cool with owning an apartment
 Like it's not even a joke. Really like the movement to turn lawns into farm space
 Yeah what a waste of time and energy
 But I can't imagine if you make decent money and buy something within your means it would be that expensive to pay someone to do it
 It really sounds that way. Why spend a significant portion of your life doing something you hate that also doesn't make you money
 Maybe
 If your yard is smallish
 If you don't care about perfectly manicured lawns you can always get the neighbor kid to mow that fucker for pennies on the dollar
 Yeah
 The back yard at Courtney's dads house is pretty cool.  I think it's technically mowed but it's basically moss and natural forest ground.  No fertilizing or watering needed
 That's legit
 Just let nature do her thang
 I think that's how a lot of American lawns were at one point
 Scott's or some similar company paid publicists to shame ppl who had multiple natural types of ground cover
" My dad likes mowing the lawn, but I suspect it's so he can put on the sweet ear muffs I bought him and not have to listen to my mom."
 Lool
 I guess everybody needs to have their personal sanctuary
" Decades of advertising has ingrained Sisyphean lawn care into our minds. If your lawn ain't perfect, then you're probably poor type mindset."
 Yeah such bullshit
 Pretty spot on honestly
 
" If you're not maintaining your lawn, you're lazy and/or unamerican"
 
 
 Dang that looks good
 It is!
 Spelt flour.  #ancientgrains
" Dave, I just saw that a teacher, Mrs. Hayes, from JFK High School in Waterbury, CT won national teacher of the year and got to meet Obama. Did you have her?"
" I looked at her resume from the teacher of the year submission. Unfortunately I didn't have her as a teacher.  Looks like she started the year I graduated, but taught 9th grade history in my school in a school program."
 But that's really epic that a teacher from the ol Brass city won the national award.
 Looks like Waterbury's really becoming quite the place complete with a national teacher of the year and on top of that the timex museum and Jesus land. Woo
" Jesus land lol. There's a couple good things in Waterbury. Not much though, not much."
 Poster child along with places like Lowell for 19th century industrial cities fallen into decay.
 You should snatch up some of those abandoned mill buildings... Primo converted loft space
 The lofts @ kennys house
" Lol most of the mills in the city were torn down in a failed attempt to revitalize in the 90s. Plus taxes are pretty high in the dirty waters. Low cost of entry, high maintenance."
" Speaking of mills, I think Apple just set up an office in an old coal plant in Britain. Guess any building from the late 19th to early 20th century is cool."
 It's the pink Floyd power plant
 Nothing says hip like the remnants of human exploitation and misery
 Can't wait for hip offices to start cropping up in medieval dungeons.
 Actually... Went to a hip restaurant in Czech Republic that was in a former underground dungeon
 Wow
 I guess no place is safe from hipness.
 That's like 2 steps away from the Google concentration campus
 LOL
 Google @ Auschwitz
 Haha
 ^dark
 Well looks like we got a bottled water bandit at the office. #cubelife
" Clarification: our supplies ordering person suspects someone is lifting whole cases of water out of the office. But it's not me, my antics are limited kcups and narrow ruled notebooks."
 Just had a math breakthrough. Bout to QED the f outta this dissertation
 QED BITCHESSSS
 https://i.imgur.com/sAvGJPB.gif
 Lemme know when it's done I'll call the Get Wet Girls
 Awww shit clowning all over that math hole
 Haha
 Aw snap Alex about to release detox.
 
 The one on the left is a leg roller
 Right side... Some screw in the light bulb butt plug
" Both. As Gordon Bombay said, 'Where there's a will, there's a way.... quack, quack, Quack, Quack...'"
 Anything can be a dildo if you're bold enough
 What are you in pt for?
 Yeah imagination
" Here we have the Thing-a-ma-jig, and the French Tickler"
 I strained my hip flexor pretty bad from going full-retard with hiking this summer.  Not too fun
 Though I remember the thing ama jig being a lot more robust and torture-ey
" Dang, I can imagine that would be painful"
 Best be careful going from hiking 10 hours a day to sitting 14 hours a day
 I think it was the other direction that did the damage.  But yes true.  They told me sitting too much can delay recovery.  I stand about half the day usually
 Nice. Gotta love those standing desk setups
 Helps keep you from going from 0 to '55 year old with severe back problems' in 10.8 seconds
 Yeah
 One guy at my office does standing yoga poses at his desk.  Not fuckin around.
 
 Lol
 'decision tree'
 I've seen a few people at work who do standing desk but sadly no one who takes it to this level
 Haha decision tree that's great
 Yeah I need to get a standing desk. Gotta dislocate my hip on the reg to relieve pain.
 It's usually my hip that kills me on our VT hikes. I'm like an old grandma.
 Yoga guy is wearing a full beekeeper suit today for office Halloween
 Haha nice. Are you costumed up too?
 No I'm not
 I'm imagining a bunch of over enthused office folks in costumes and you shaking your head.
 Yeah that's pretty much what's happening
 Well I'll gladly wear a Disney princess costume right now and partake in mediocre office Halloween activities. Noticed my office manager and hr manager walk out with an interviewee. Found out they're planning to replace a 3 longtime employees with 1 person.
 You either fucking or getting fucked in life.
 I think they plan on laying that shit out in time for the holidays
 Dat life doe
 Sorry Timmy no presents for Christmas this year
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DVf88LuHTPo
""
 Hahaha
 Aw man people are brining their kids in now.  I gotta get out of here
 Can't imagine every wanting to bring a child to my workplace or office in general. 'Here's where daddy slowly loses his sanity so you can have nice things'
 Maybe you internet office is more fun
" Yeah really makes me nostalgic for the days workin for a startup with just a bunch of effing-twenty-somethings chillin hard, listening to bleep bloops, freestyle rapping, committing DUI on motor scooters"
 Damn getting older is not fun. I just found out my cholesterol is a smidge elevated.
 #life
 Eh mines been high since I was a kid.  Prob not worth worrying about.  Might die pulling a carpet off a shelf before that gets you
 
 Was about to say it would've made a good costume for the your office party...but it could also give off a slight pedo-Kennedy vibe.
 Hahaha
 
 Forgot I had this
 Just need to know... Are you drinking wine in the onesie?
 Haha no
 Well looks like I might have to deny a med for a kid barely clinging to life. Gonna send it out to a physician reviewer to divvy out the blame/liability. Some heavy stuff for the weekend.
 Got the case dropped in my lap right as I was about leave work... Yay
 Jesus
 'Materials science is pretty cool but magnets is the shit' - overheard at Halloween party just now
 Magnets how do they work?
 
 The answer to which is actually very complicated.
" Speaking of, have you guys seen the thing on polymagnets?"
 Gave me such a science boner
 https://youtu.be/IANBoybVApQ
 Is it like magnets that go both ways?
 They go so many ways
" Like even dudes who are scientists stop and say 'these fucking magnets, how do they work?'"
 Had to pause the vid. That kid is bringing back the DH lol.
 Haha you mean 'Garrett with two r's and two t's'
 Yeah lol
 
 So auth. Also a hell of a lot more interesting than what I was doing in Somerville last night.
 Is it also weird in oddly fascinated by the sewer drain pipe in the background and the whole PVC on iron action.
 I'm*
 Yeah it was pretty remarkable
 Wouldn't be surprised if these guys were jamming out during porch fest this year.
 
 Damn that looks amazing.  Someday ò
 I'm sure this guy doesn't have to deal with bringing his kids in for an office place trick or treat.
 Haha nope
 
 
 Someone's going ham sandwich on the trumpet while another is belting out tunes in Spanish/Portuguese. Somerville is quite interesting.
 Hahaha
 You still working on renovations?
" Kinda was here Friday waiting for someone to install a door, but I'm just doing some weekend WFH now before heading back to CT"
 Workin hard as usual
 That's the only way to WFH.
 So someone has been blasting Kenny g for the past 4 hours in my apt complex this morning
 All I hear is fucking sad sax while I go about my day
 Lol man you gotta really like Kenny g to blast it so loud that neighbors can hear it
 I was jamming to it for the first hour or so
 But Kenny g only really gets you so far
 One can only take so much of Kenny Jizzle before they break.
 Wonder if they use Kenny G torture down in Guantanamo
 I could see it being a thing
 We tried waterboarding and he wouldn't break.... Bring in Kenny G
 Would love to see what's actually going on in that person's apartment.  I'm imaging some depraved drug fueled sex orgy
 I really wanna imagine whoever is blasting Kenny is just making pancakes
 Just like being really inappropriately sensual with the batter n such
 Hahaha
 Maybe that's the secret to making good bread.
 I sometimes listen to rap while making bread.  Maybe I should give ol KG a try
 
" Lol, Rick Ross and bread shaping, amazing. Saw the finished loaves on instagram. Lookin damn good"
 Just trying to keep it real for all you homies in the struggle
 
 https://www.soylent.com/product/coffiest/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=ppc
 What will they think of next? Get a week's worth of nutrition with a quick breakfast shake butt chug!
 I also just learned today that water bottle flipping is a popular activity among kids. Guess it's better than having junior huff jenkum.
 Flipping like physically?
 Yep like throwing a bottle in the air and flipping it.
 Not a metaphor
 Feel like an old man because I found out about it through the WSJ.
 Oh boy
 Those zany youths
" Whoa, so the person looking to rent a room in my unit is a craft brewer from Canada. Like the guy has legit brew experience."
 My attempt to stand up against gentrification in ESom failed. Guess I'll go all out renting out to millennial folk and contribute to the seemingly unstoppable socioeconomic changes in the area.
 Did the guy have his own brewery in Canada? Or was he a beer master at one?
" Based on his LinkedIn, he has some brewing experience along with a bunch of brewer operations related experience."
 Sign I'm getting old: Can't wait for my Fico score to update in 4 days after paying off my kitchen project financing.
 That IRL high score
" The game where even when you win, you still lose"
 
 Just overhead some old guy in the hallway of my office building talking on the phone and he literally said this exact sentence:
" ''You know, it's just like what Obama did.  His administration blatantly discriminated against Christians and he filled his team with all Muslims instead.  And now they have the emails to prove it too.'"
 #makeamericagreatagain
 So how easy is it to get Canadian citizenship?
 Also does that guy work at kayak?
 No he doesn't thank god
 That's some interdimensional cable shit right there. Except it's real and it's scary.
" Imagine living life in such a delusional state that you sincerely believed stuff like that to be true.  It kind of makes me slightly sympathetic of the crazy conservative people... Like if I really believed that I would be freaking out too.  I reminds me of when I took CS math and we were studying formal logic and my prof was saying that politics is basically all about just making logical fallacies.  Where you basically promote conclusions that are valid based on a set of premises, but usually people don't question the validity of the premises themselves, or it's difficult to do so."
 That's like the bedrock of religion too.
 Yep
 Two co-workers at the office trying to decide if they wanna hit up the local bee's or the Chili's. #officespace
 Yikes
 Heard the hoes get real nasty down at club Applebee's
 Excellent way to get jalapeno poppers and the clap on the same night.
 Just realized Dave and Alex had birthdays last month and I totally dropped the ball.  #badfriend
 
 à sorry guys
 Haha that comic gets me every time.
 That 3-0 comin up real quick
 That's ok though bc Alex and Dave have basically been 30 years old their whole lives 
" Haha exactly. 'No hopes, no dreams, just waiting to die...'"
 
 I'm absolutely crushing my dissertation writing while listening to tycho right now. I'd never really listened to them before but I saw them recommended in my Apple Music and remembered you guys talking about them so I gave them a try. Really great stuff to work to.
 Nice!!
 You getting close to done?
" If I can meet two deadlines this week, I should finish before or on Dec 2"
 Sheeutt nice
 Can't wait to see those sick ass findings
 
" Check out this comparison of computation time required for the model I developed versus the standard, finite element analysis, and a comparable simplified model called ECF. All three give roughly the same predictions."
" Pretty arcane stuff, but exciting after years of work"
 
 My reaction exactly when I first realized how fast my model was
 Goddamn 5-6 orders of magnitude over FEA
" Yeah, Jim, you're going to like the network model I made. And 5-6 orders of magnitude is just the solution step. My method also doesn't require meshing, which can take hours. So in total it's literally about a billion times faster"
 
" Sean, that's exactly what I was gonna post. That sciencing is so edge that my feeble end-user mind can't comprehend."
" Alex, good to see the album is on track for a Dec release. Also happy belated, I forgot too."
" Thanks, Dave! I think I owe you a happy belated birthday too!"
 I'm excited to see dat release
 DeepMind AI to play videogame to learn about world - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-37871396
 
 Free mustache rides?
 òèòè
 
 Hahahaha
 
 
 I could see R Kelly endorsing that.
 Lol
 
 
 Balls deep with the dark pump
 You know it
 
 Amenities included an empty bottle of lube.
 Shit is crazy.  Boston is slowly catching up too.  Time to move to Detroit
 Yessh
" Sadly Detroit of all places is trending towards gentrification. You can still get some super nice Victorian houses on the cheap, but it probably won't last. The city is being lubed with artists right now. Just waiting for some high paying industries and their yuppie workforce to plunge in balls deep off a step ladder."
 The wheels on the bus go round and round
 I guess in the meantime you could open a bakery there. Capitalize on the gritty beard and post-industrial city image. Keep it real by selling loafs for $10 a pop.
 Maybe include a cool background story about how you grew up on the mean streets of Detroit and made it out flipping ancient grain loafs.
 Lol
 This new Haven voting line is looking pretty intimidating
 Can't believe 08 election was 8 years ago.   Remember waiting in line outside EO smith
 Feeling like I shoulda just bought the fastpass
 Lol
 Damn that was a long time ago
 Haha
 Yeah man that was the first time we could vote
 Feels like another life
 Also I think that was the time I accidentally voted against same sex marriage in CT
 Lmao
 Really noobsauced on that one
 Same they made it hella confusing
 Those lobbyists outside the voting area were pretty sneaky iirc
 Mass might pass recreational Maryjane.  Maybe I'll diversify into artisan hydro dank
 Handcrafted by a bearded guy in plaid
 Just baking bread and baking customers all damn day
 Yup
 Does ct have any election day bills? I didn't see any online
 Bills?
 No ballot measures for CT according to the Google
 I guess bills is the wrong word. Ballot issues I guess? Like the same sex marriage thing
 Oh that lol
" Yeah I was surprised, I thought I missed something"
 I guess I'll know for sure in an hour or two
 I forgot I'm still registered in Storrs.
 You should check online tbh
 They don't have any info on me
 I'm just reregistering on the spot
 Better trek your ass on down to EO smith then
 Maybe grab a froyo at Storrs downtown afterward
 http://www.dir.ct.gov/sots/LookUp.aspx
 That would tell you if you have any registration info in ct
 Guess I'm not registered in Storrs
 Not sure where actually.
 Dat robust DMV database
 Would love to see what kind of set up they have under the hood.  Gotta be a total nightmare.  Probably one copy of an MS access database on a single machine from 1995
 I worked with DMV data during my masters
 It's still in punchcard format
 No way
 State of the art tech in the mid 20th century
 It did have characters as opposed to punching (maybe it's called something different) but it was an A-Z+0-9 thing with a 40 character limit per line
 Wow...
 I do believe that is the format of one of the 'newer' punchcsrds
 Tax dollars hard at work
 Make the DMV great again
 I think the scariest thing coming out of this election is the rise of misguided and illogical populist thought.
 
" I mean that's nothing new but now it has a horrible, horrible outlet"
 I'm kinda worried I'm gonna have to start looking for visas
 Courtney's workin on her EU citizenship.  Dat backup plan
 I mean if u have any good leads
 I could maybe wfh from spain
 Yeah definitely not new. Just get the feeling the long stretch of peace and prosperity enjoyed by our parents' generation will be ending within our lifetimes.
 But that's the cycle of human history. The stone always rolls back at some point.
 Lol
 I think the eventual hope is that technology will eventually bring about lasting peace
 Or wipe us out
 I mean either way
 Hoping for that AI takeover
 Allmother will care for us
 Ex machina shank me in the back shit
 Yeah just upload me 2 the cloud bro
 Just wanna lay low and chill in the cloud for ever
 Fuck yeah
 Just open up an artisanal b2b services platform and earn an honest living
 We think New England should secede and become a Canadian Provence.  Canada is mad chill
 Lol
 I'd be cool with being South Quebec
 Their current prez is like our obama
 Super chill
 Justin Trudeau!!
 Was a huge fan of him in scrubs
 Haha yeah he totally looks like him
 Man we need some good news this shit is going south fast
 Lol there's a silver lining for me
 https://www.google.com/amp/amp.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2016/11/04/donald_trump_s_plan_to_privatize_america_s_roads_and_bridges.html
 It seriously fucks over a ton of people but it would make my field significantly more lucrative
 You either fucking or getting fucked... Life
" Like the rest of his policies, it's not thought through"
 It would be devastating to income divide
 Also trending away from a more I unified healthcare system benefits me.
" It's gonna be uge, bigly"
 Yeah true
 It's the choice between being successful in a world you don't want to live in
 Or being less so in a world that that's not as bad
 There's also the bit where many others are going through the same dilemma. It only takes one or a few to choose self to muck it up
 As Mungo Jerry would say Do what ya feel.
 Watching election results with mathbonus playing....a very interesting combo
 Might as well enjoy some auth bleep bloops while the world burns to the ground around us
 Mathbonus really knows how to enhance the grim
 This is looking bleak.
 Stock market's not lookin good
 Shits dropping in Asia.
 Wubba lubba dub dub
 Good thing I put a ton of money in my 401k
 
" Sort of an aside, but the green party presidential candidate is kind of a badass"
 Bout to start stuffing the mattress
" It's too bad she doesn't matter, I would totally get behind her if she were a serious contender"
 Well looks like ol Detroit might be the most important place in the world right now
 
 Guess the only good news is MA legalized weed
 Yep.  At least I can buy a vape and smoke myself into oblivion while the country falls apart
 It's deafeningly quiet in the business factory right now
 Same thing here
 Just crazy how wrong the polls and predictions were.  Most people never even considered this was an actual possibility.  I can't even process it
 Aggregated polls had Hillary at 93% win chance less than a week out.  About the same with prediction markets.  It was at around 83% at 8pm last night
 Well never underestimate the discontent masses. We are fortunate enough to belong to the more privileged segment of the US population.
 I read an article by a guy who was slamming the fivethirtyeight model because it predicted a 35% chance of trump winning
 He was not a good statistician but he basically was confused as to why that probablility was so high while huffpost and ny times and other left leaning models had a 99% chance of Hillary winning
 I guess Nate silver still knows his shit
 Yeah
" Yeah, he was very cautious all the way."
 That seems to be the takeaway is that she really failed to court the blue collar workers which dems historically won.   Basically their frustration outweighed their reservations about trump's bigotry
 Bernie would have done better in that demographic
 Absolutely
 
 Yep and back with Obama he had Biden to attract blue collars
 Lol
 I don't think all of them could possibly be that ignorant and hateful.  But when you gotta put food on the table that forces you to make certain choices.  Le sigh 
 I think it's our thinking from a rural perspective
 Good thing is we live in a country where we vote and choose someone and that's it.
" Nobody has given a shit about people outside cities, most of all hillary"
 There's not post election brawl.... Factions literally shooting each other
 Trump won't help them but he will hurt urban areas for sure
" Agreed, I saw this report on rural healthcare last week and I really began to understand why there are so many people angry enough to vote for trump https://youtu.be/LzPCEgc7s_s"
 Yeah... Silver lining is this is going to force both parties to really reevaluate shit and hopefully we'll get much better candidates next time around
 He's like the Martin shkreli of politics
 Hopefully pisses enough people off to make a change
 Hopefully.
" And if Trump tweets us into nuclear war, the ensuring nuclear winter will not only halt global warming but will also reduce the population problem. Always look on the bright side"
 Legit
 He might befriend Putin in the end
 They're like kindred spirits
 Haha good point.  As bill burr said 'lanes just opening up on the highway!'
 We can all go to the Super Bowl!
 Woo
" You can drive a tank to work.  Shoot a bald eagle in the face, ah there's plenty of em"
 Hahaha
 Lol
 Well at least gay marriage was already legalized so that can't get taken away.  Feel really bad for Courtney though bc she works in reproductive health and her whole company could basically get defunded
 Just feel bad for women in general
 I thought trump also promised he would try to repeal same sex marriage
 Seriously though womens rights are going to be set back another decade or teo
 Is that even repeal-able at this point?  I can't imagine he really opposes it. He's not religious
" I hope he doesn't roll back progressive gains, we'd be back to 1900."
 I doubt you can repeal. It's already been supported by the supreme Court
 Kinda assumed that stance was just to get votes
 I feel like we need to bubble wrap Ruth bader Ginsburg and assign a doctor to check on her daily. Same for the other old liberal leaning judges
 We could easily slide back if the supreme Court gets stacked with old Republican guys
" If I remember from civics, the only way to override that is to shift the foundation of the supreme Court by pushing a constitutional amendment through."
 I think I'm gonna donate whatever proceeds I get from trump tax cuts to women's health and/or NAACP.
 Assuming we get tax cuts.  We'd better at least get that in exchange for having to endure this imbecile for 4 years
 Woof
 Yeah
 Not a bad idea
 He'll probably provide some good fodder for comedians too. Some good laughs while shit's burning.
 The glass is only half full of piss.
 
 Changes to immigration might make things complicated with the lady friend too.
 
 And that's the way the news goes!
" Political talk is cropping up in the office around the lunch hour. Per usual, I passively absorb the opinions and add it to my coworker dossiers."
" But goddamn, I just wanna heat up my pizza and avoid talking politics."
 It's pretty awkward around here.  People trying to talk about without really talking about it
 Or just kind of wandering around with sad lost looks in their eye
 Some good points http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58236ad5e4b0aac62488cde5?section=us_politics
 Those are some good points
 Did you guys happen to hear about that kid who got arrested for grabbing a girl's ass at UConn?
 They got surveillance footage of him running away after he did it and they sent out still frames of him to the entire campus. He was found and arrested in like an hour
" And then the next day, a guy guilty of the exact same thing became president"
 What an amazing time
 That kid's probably gonna be a registered sex offender for life. Definitely not holding any public office.
 And the guy who got elected actually went one further and 'grabbed em by the pussy'.  That guy will sit in the Oval Office.
 That was a legit article Sean. Seems like that's the consensus on why we have a literal crazy person as a president-elect
 Also I'm torn about the guy who grabbed the girls ass. Was it particularly heinous?
 I've had my ass grabbed on numerous occasions at UConn. I totally understand getting rid of shit like this but I do wonder about how prevalent it seemed to be when we were undergrads
" Yeah... I'm definitely guilty of a few ass grabs back in the day, specifically admist spring weekend mobs"
" I think the social climate right now is hypersensitive about this stuff because people are fed up with men getting away with harassing/assaulting women.  Which is understandable.  But obviously it's not black and white, there is a huge difference between grabbing someone's butt and raping someone.  So yeah I'd hope this guys life doesn't get ruined by it, but also important to recognize the behavior is wrong and call people out for it"
 I'm totally with you on needing to make a cultural change on this front. It just worries me that so many people are going to ignore the nuances to these issues in light of trump being elected
 I've seen/heard more hate speech in the past 36 hours than ive heard in the last year combined
 Yeah I know.  Even oppressed people can succumb to mob mentality
" Most of it has come from Aru and her friends, and from liberal media outlets"
 I worry that it's going to become very draconian as opposed to being understanding
 It can definitely lead to some serious conflicts
 Looks like we're in for a wild ride these next few years
 Yeah definitely not condoning any form of sexual assault. The issue shouldn't be black and white but accessing nuances takes time and resources.
" I think the problem here and around the world is that human labor intensive industry has come and gone at a rate that far outstrips the life span of the existing labor pool. Basically we are left with a large number of people but no jobs. When you boil down all the racism, religious fanaticism, and other forms of hate; it comes down to the human struggle of finding basic resources food, shelter, water, energy source, and something to occupy/placate the human mind (pursuit of happiness). Most people either lack these things completely or have a bare minimum but no guarantee of a regular supply. I still believe if we as humanity can solidify this supply of basic needs and guarantee equal availability to every human, the majority of the humanities problems will be an after thought with a few generations. Automation also makes this much easier to accomplish. Of course, this probably will have to be done asking with some considerably less palatable things like secular education and a sustained level of birth control (active or passive methods)"
 Sounds like communism but it can more like be placed within the constructs of a Western democracy and accomplished through private industry. Fully automating the supply of such resources also addresses the contentious issue of who laborers while others benefit.
 Just the musings of an office drone.
" Yeah I think the whole free trade and automation thing is similar to the problem of gentrification.  You have these unstoppable forces that are irreversible and technically beneficial for the greater society in the long run but in the process some people get fucked over.  So the question is how do you deal with that?  Libertarian view is 'too bad, adapt or die'.  The opposite extreme is to be Luddites and prevent any change or progress altogether.  Neither really seems like a good strategy"
 It's a matter of how free trade and automation are used. Do you choose to concentrate the gains in the hands of a few and perpetuate the historical inequalities? Or do you use the current unprecedented global connectivity and ability to separate humans from labor to proliferate something that benefits everyone? Unfortunately humans are selfish and short sighted. The libertarian and Luddite views are just different sides on the same selfish coin.
" Allow either to run their way and, well, you have where we are today."
 I think you guys would appreciate player piano
" Pretty solid novel, but it definitely takes an anti automation view"
 Hmm I'll need to stop by the libs later and give this book a read.
 
 
 #life
" Good ol' billy red face was on Conan talking about the election and sports. Definitely some good stuff, there's three segments "
""
 Actually only two segments
 Haha classic billy boy
" 'Trump is such a dope, he's actually gonna make me vote for a woman.' Haha offending both sides in one tweet"
 Some lighter stuff...
 
 Source: pharmaceutical technology magazine
 Those niche magazines
 
 
 
 #jerkoffmanually
" And yep I anticipate the Trump presidency to be more of a comedy gold mine than the Bush years. Unless shit really goes super far right, then ain't nothing funny."
 
 How did you post a gif? Does whatsapp support that now?
" I guess so, I chose picture and then it had another option to use GIPHY"
 
 Game done changed
 Hahaha amazing
 Numb the existential horror of adulthood with some cheese and banana  https://instagram.com/p/BMp-HXxF0ag/
" Haha, it's amazing how there's no background music for a lot of mr. rogers segments. This one is just crackly silence and a man describing how to eat a cheese-wrapped banana. So peaceful"
 Yeah it really takes me to a happy place
 Dang I wanna move to Mr Rogers neighborhood.
 Though property prices in the Neighborhood of Make Believe must be off the chain there. Heard they extending the electric trolley line and driving the puppets into the real world.
 Btw Dave Chappelle on SNL last night was pretty dope. Opening monologue was some classic stand-up.
 Yeah it was incredible
 
 Wtf lol
 We've all been there.  'The Attic' as it was known to Jim
 I was too high up
 
 
" Jesus, I guess the value of my house shot up according to the Somerville accessor. Bad news is my tax bill nearly doubled. Kinda glad my current set of tenants are moving out. The city is really forcing my hand to flip the dick down."
 I'm basics tied to a system of trickle down ass fuckery
 Basically*
" Shit's really off here, dunno when it's gonna break."
 Yeah but it'll go back to being great again
" So great.  It's gonna be terrific, let me tell you, it's gonna be , it's gonna be big league.  China, China, jobs, big league, great"
 Btw is the majority of the increase tied to property value increase nearby or is it more a result of your renovations?
 Can't wait to find out what 'great' means. Think I might look for great with a house in the wooded mountains.
 Best get solar panels while they're competitive against big oil
 That keystone XXL is gonna lay some serious pipe
 It's related to the nearby sales. I'm pretty sure the city has no idea what type of reno has happened
 At least trump will probably cut your taxes
 Damn that's popping off
 Do you have an estate tax on that house? Doubt it's worth enough for it but it could be getting close
 Otherwise you're shit out of luck
 Lol love how the keystone is that xxl pipe
 Estate tax? Isn't that a post grey veil tax on your inheritors?
 Oh maybe
" Also I don't think trump will cut the local property tax. It's pretty low as it stands. They really don't need to up taxes when property prices are already wiggity wiggity whack. And as soon as the union sq and expanded assembly housing developments come into play, it's gonna be an ass so tight it won't even let your nuts out situation."
 I thought it might have to do with more pricey homes but u think you're right
 Income tax and estate seems to be where he is concentrating his cuts
 But goddamn who the fuck can afford to live there.
 Ads
 AIDS?
" nah man ads. They're pushing out all the humans, making sure none can afford to live any where"
 Lol that south park ref
 
" Eh, I guess it could be driving through the door instead of fumigating the garage."
 https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/opinions/trump-supporters-why-vote/?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_no-name%3Ahomepage%2Fstory
 thought this was pretty insightful
" Well after reading the posts, Trump is the definition of a wild card. He is whatever people see they need."
 Even when his statements are outlandish and contradictory.
 Wubbie lubbie doop doop
 http://motherboard.vice.com/read/society-is-too-complicated-to-have-a-president-complex-mathematics-suggest
 
 
 
 Hahaha
 Reading this MD statement about a patient who's tried every thing from Viagra to testosterone and shaft injections but just can't nut.... In the End starts playing in my head
" ONE THING, I don't know why, doesn't even matter how hard ya try"
 Hahaha
 
 
 
 
 I dunno why I find that so funny. Just imagining the dominos delivery car rolling into my driveway with a dead guy inside.  Free pizza!
 Do you still tip when cars drive themselves?
" Hahaha, gingerly grab the pizza and shove him back into the seat and then send the car back on its way"
 Ah man that's a bummer... Oh look cheesy bread.
 And that's the waaaayy the news goes
 Just the idea that cars could be unknowingly carting around dead people.  Like one cuts you off and go to to flip them off and ur like oh shit it's a dead guy
 
 Haha. This is awesome.
 Yeah it's by this artist: https://www.instagram.com/chrissimpsonsartist/?hl=en
 He really brings the weird
 Oh yeah this is my type of comedy.
 
 Lol
 
 
" Just saw on the news the CT DOT is doing a $1.3 million traffic study on i95. Hope that isn't going on your plate, Jim."
 '$1.3 million traffic study to be conducted by one dude on laptop'
 Lol nah that's my coworker
 That project isn't nearly under-budgeted and behind schedule enough for me to take a look at
 So basically it'll be your project in a few months if your coworker fucks up.
 When*
 
 Haha. At least you got those quality wacarnolds rib sandwich reports on lock and the company gots to come through you.
 Also hearing 'He's trying!'
" Crap, just drank a jar of cold brew concentrate thinking it was regular coffee, now my brain is gonna get all existential during the workday."
 Them brain balls bout to get tickled
 
 Hahaha
 Makes me think of that Chappell bit from his snl monologue about yelling Wu Tang! just before have sex.
 
 
 
 
 Guess I would need to find a hobosexual lady friend.
 Lol nice
 Dual laptops
 Is that your place in Somerville? Living minimally definitely has its perks.
 Yep minimal living is definitely better. Been helping my parents clean out their basement in CT and it's like how did we accumulate so much stuff.
 Sometimes you need a second laptops to help out with the wfh boredom
 https://youtu.be/y2I0JlwBaBs
 More like I didn't put away the work comp after when.
" Made me think of that Chappell bit about if you could live in a cardboard box and still get laid, men would"
 Lol add modern plumbing and I'd definitely live in a box.
 Wonder if Chappelle is gonna get back on the stand-up circuit. Seems like he's been reappearing in things
 Damn this one is dark.  The description. http://www.picturesthatigoneanddone.com/product/david-cameron-washing-his-wifes-back
 This guy's mind is some special form of dark.
 
 I guess I'm MA you could do loafs n' piff from the rav4 trunk now.
 Hahaha wow that's fucking awesome
" Jeez, How many ovens does that guy have?"
 http://barriobread.com
" Low carbon fit print, ancient grains, co-op farmers markets... This guy's page had all the buzzwords to get millennial yuppie dicks hard."
 Guy in the bathroom stall just straight up taking a business call while pinching out a loaf
 Doing business while doing business
 And now it's time to self inject myself a flu shot yay
 That actually sounds really convenient.
 
 Haha ahhh sheeuuutt
 Called IT. Guy is blasting Twista in the background throughout the entire conversation.
 Nice
 So it's looking like my defense is going to be Dec 5 at 9:30 am. Boutta drop some knowledge
 
 That's how I'm going to conclude the presentation
 Aw sheeeut. Time to put in a PTO day and call the Get Wet Girls.
 Nice!!
" Yup, assuming I don't really f up somehow in the next couple weeks, I'll finally be done"
 Ahbooooyah
" Well, if it's any encouragement, the Get Wet Girls ain't getting any younger... Meditate on that."
 Hahaha oh god
 Jk.... Don't meditate on that image...Good luck on the final stretch
 Yeah best of luck.  Can't wait to blow my nerd load when I catch a glimpse of those findings
 Thanks!
 Some people at the office wanna play Christmas music for holiday spirit. Perhaps I should suggest some Dipset Christmas.
" Never avoid the office lottery pool. It's a waste of money, but there's always that super slim chance you'll be the last and only person working."
 What's office lottery pool?
 Lottery tickets for powerball
 Ah
 
 Time to tie one on for the holidays
 
 This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for not being married with kids like most of the people on my Facebook news feed. And the ample opportunities for dicking around.
 
 The irony is that in 10 years we'll probably have kids and be like 'remember when we used to be cynical assholes drifting aimlessly thru life making fun of people with families when we were the ones who were dead inside'  #ohwell
" Nah, I'm gonna be a cool dad."
 Cool dad listening to cool dad bands
 Cool dad vibing too hard and embarrassing his kids.
 
 I would legit believe it if one of you guys told me you were the creator of these comics
 Haha
" No politics at the table, but having a debate about raising kids in the social media world."
 Hahahaha too real
 Comfort has it's price I guess
 
 Haha that one's great
 Yum lol
 
 
 Damn that looks good! Saw on instagram you had some loaves with nuts or fruit too?
 Yep cranberry walnut
 
 Game done changed
 Great distribution of the cranberries and walnuts. Paul Hollywood would be pleased
 Nut nut nut nuts in da artisan loaf
 Yeah I've really dialed it in I think
 God damn those are some sexy looking loaves
 No soggy bottoms this Thanksgiving
" Ah, love how most of my family assumes I'm up to a whole lotta nothing because I live at home and my job seems to have little relation to my schooling. Flying under the radar... Just the way I like it."
 'Dave of course is up to NOTHING'
 That's alright man just do you.  Haters gonna hate
 
" Guess everyone has the weekend free, so the entire neighborhood is buzzing with leaf blowers. I'm pretty sure I could record all the lawn care sounds throughout the year and release a drone album."
 Also reminds me of the don hertzfeldt film and the long ass leaf blower scene
 https://youtu.be/1IUX0Qy-IDM
 The pipe is leaking....
 I love how that guy's animations go from harmless and silly to super dark super fast and then back
 Gazing upon the chaos of shoppers and goods piled high at the Costco.... Damn it feels good to live in a Western country...Or at least until we realized we've consumed beyond the point of no return.
 
" When we die there is nothing. Until then, there's French toast. Ooooeeee"
 Yeah I could use some of that good ass French toast. At the local best buy... Fun
 
 Alex are you guys doing New Years again this year?
" Sure are, and naturally all of you guys and any significant others are invited"
 
 Aw shiit
 Gonna have to start dialing in some new meat recipes for the occasion
 Nice. Hopefully I don't get stuck on the hill again lol.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6iN6VTL7v8
 Jesus haha
 Who has the kind of time to make this shit
 But on another note... At 2:57 : 'You've worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.'  Ouch.
 Just tryin to vibe to a wholesome kidz movie.  Why they gotta hit me with the RL so hard
 Goddamn that's some heavy stuff like Sisyphus's boulder.
 
 Seeing the transient young professional population in Somerville always gives me that warm fuzzy feeling...like Daniel Plainview staring at derrick spewing flame and black crude.
 
" Ocean of renters, baguettes, and chill vibes."
 
" Alex, where is the defense going to be at tomorrow?"
 It's in UTEB 476 in Storrs. Are you going to be in the Storrs area?
 It's at 930am
 Good luck tomorrow!  Wish I could be there.  Get someone to record it on video if you can
 Ah sorry. Was originally planning on driving up this morning to attend. But I'm getting called into work early. Good luck with the defense.
 Good luck Alex! Hope you have some sweet booyah clips to play at the conclusion of your dissertation
 http://www.picturesthatigoneanddone.com/
 
 I just done clowned on that defense. Ahh boooyyyaahhh
 Woot woot way to go Cocco
 Just got +1 smarter
 Haha exactly
 Fooomp!
 Aw shit congratulations Dr. Cocco
 Thanks!
 
 
 Hahaha nice
 Perfect for postin up at X-Lot sippin some keystone light with ur bros
 Haha exactly
 Lol reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator after the hulk musical...
 https://youtu.be/7u0mKh_m0Rc
 http://www.theonion.com/graphic/cool-guy-from-middle-school-still-sporting-phat-pa-34730
 Going to a client party hosted by my realtor. Basically get to meet all different levels of folks involved in running a gentrification train on Somerville. The places you'll go... I'm not sure about them.
 Also fucking hate social functions.
 I told her I was against gentrification and all about social justice.... But shit I just wanna plow everything and salt the fields until the boulder rolls back
 
 sneaky*
 cookbook worthy photo.
 Yeah it's a good one
 http://www.theonion.com/article/sad-man-tears-2-bananas-off-larger-bunch-36084
 I've done that so many times
 Haha me too
 Even worse hanging two lonely bananas on the hanging rack fully knowing it won't work after eating one.
" Walked into the office, hear a co-worker yell 'We setting ourselves up for suck, people!!' It's gonna be a great day."
 Lmao
 
 Hahaha
 Lol
 
 LOL
 Is that blue placemat like your bread casting couch? Bringing in those fresh baguettes and spreading 'em.
 Hahaha yup exactly
 'You know you can make a lot of money in this business.... But first I need to see how you perform... *zip*'
 
" Amazing haha, I'm just picturing some old lady walking by the tree like 'ooo that's nice, well what does this one say?'"
 Nice. Wish I could bring some weird to the vanilla tree at the office.
 So any of y'all have office Christmas parties coming up?
 Learn things about your co-workers you wish you could unlearn.
 Yeah I have one on Friday
 Same. Gotta smile and be pleasant to the people I regularly berate at the other office... Should be fun.
" I have 3 Christmas parties to go to this weekend, and I know a combined 2 people at all 3 of them"
 My plan is to drink exactly the right amount of booze to bullshit through them without making an ass of myself
 Maybe you should leave James at home and let Jimmy go to the party.
" Also found out the day after the Costco Christmas party there's always awkward sales of plan b at the pharmacy, hopefully I'm not working that day."
" Oh, to be young and employed by a major wholesale chain"
 Oh also supposedly plan b is over the counter in NY state. No idea how that works but I saw them next to the rest of the 'family planning' items at one of the CVS's down there
" Wow, I guess that makes it's a hell of a lot easier to buy plan b with Martinelli's apple juice."
" Lol'ed pretty hard at this, Dave: 'Maybe you should leave James at home and let Jimmy go to the party.'"
 I think Ludacris was on to something with the area code method.
 
 Almost laughed in the phone when the pharmacy answered with 'You've reached ICP.'
 Unfortunately it was Institutional Care Pharmacy.
 
 
 I guess if you ever get bored of baking you could make a segue into serial killing √† la Jeffrey Dahmer.
" ...ah making things super grim.... But seriously, is the freezer for storing dough or cooked loafs?"
 Cooked.  I bake them to about 95% done then let cool and freeze in air tight plastic.  Then when you wanna eat just thaw and pop in oven for 5-10 min.  works really well
 Nice. Sounds like that could easily work as a retail method. Sneak a loaf any goddamn time of the day.
" That's exactly what this breakfast place called Toast near UConn does. Great bread there and I thought that they must bake it themselves, but it turns out they order it frozen like that and just cook it the last bit of the way."
 Haha. I guess they live up to their name. Also Toast sounds like a hipster breakfast place.
 
 
 Hahaha
 Man those hands and feet creep me the hell out
 This guy really knows how to bring the weird
" If I ever have kids, I'm gonna tell them every Christmas Santa squats over the chimney and magically pinches off gifts... Should make for some good parent teacher meetings."
 Santa did a stint in prison. Perfected the art of keister storage.
 
 So true
 
 Haha I'm a Steve.
 I used to be a Steve.  Now I love Fridays òÅ
" Go ride your hamster wheel, Linda!"
" But yeah after working in an office.... Friday's actually mean something. No doubt it's a social construct, but we're stuck in the machine whether we like it or not. And not running the wheel for two days is pretty sweet. So yep I am excited for Friday."
 So Uncle Steve is a real piece of shit.
" Speaking of hamster wheels, I had an interview on Wednesday at the Army Research Lab. I'm actually pretty excited about potentially working there. The funny thing was that the head of the branch that I was interviewing at is named Cindy. And people kept saying things like, 'oh we'll just run that by Cindy'. And all I could think of was Cindy Burns from Jim's 15 min avant garde vox recording."
 Hahaha good ol Cindy Byrne
 That's awesome though.  Just don't let them trick you into making bombs
" I'd be a civilian contractor in a group working on basic science for fuel cells and batteries. It turns out that efficient energy technologies are good for combat because they're silent and can potentially be easier to transport. So even climate-change-denying Trump will effectively be funding research to fight climate change by funding the department of defense. That said, other groups at the lab work on some pretty deadly sheeuuutt."
 Toyota Priuses are great for drive bys.
 But that's awesome if you can land a job with army research. Probably get a pretty sweet benefits package from the gov.
 Prius Ref. from Weeds
 Haha silent but deadly
 
" Damn Alex, that sounds like pretty exciting work"
 Lol
 Just saw rogue one.  It's good.  Admiral Akbar makes an appearance which alone makes it worth it.
 Captain choke at the office party.... Memories
 Coke*.... Captain choke would be a bdsm name.
 This classic just popped up in my newsfeed.  Still amazing http://www.theonion.com/article/bard-college-named-nations-no-1-dinner-party-schoo-19032
 I wish I went to a dinner party school.
 don't you remember family dinners on Sundays in Prudence? Haha
 Taco night!!
 What did you learn this week?
 Haha
 John never cleaning up his dishes
 We were sooo cool!
 Shit all this reminiscing got me craving a blueberry pancake corn dog.
 https://hardsci.wordpress.com/2016/08/11/everything-is-fucked-the-syllabus/
 Haha this is great
 Lmao that is legitimately a class I would've wanted to sign up for
 Also
" Week 7 interlude: everything is fine, calm the fuck down"
 è
 Haha I saw that
 Btw Mr robot on USA is a pretty good show. Y'all should check it out.
 
 Hahaha
 https://youtu.be/97Z6E9Zk43I
 Little bits......
 Yeah this is a thing. Read about it in the Atlantic and had to check it out. It's from Japan. I guess it's a tedium/patience hobby like ship in a bottle.
 Japanese people still bringing the weird hard as ever
 
 That is the face of someone who's been discreetly wanking in the workplace
 Workin hard as usual eh Ted
 That's one shifty looking mother fucker. Looks like a guy who would leave turds around the office.
 
 Haha
 
 Jesus
 Damn that's a big one.
 Looks like I got the job at the army research lab. I'll be moving down to D.C. sometime in February I think.
 Very excitement
" Awesome, congrats dude!"
 Wow that's awesome! Congrats
 DC is supposed to be cool
 Also ranks 5th in rent
 Is that technically a post-doc position?
" Thanks! Yeah, it's a post doc."
 https://open.spotify.com/album/0usp3IeDhbEXgoCc3f6PzZ
 Congrats Alex! Sounds like it's a really exciting position
" DC is a fun place too, if on the professional side"
 Thanks!
 This idea just popped in my head.... Death metal band but all the growling lyrics are excerpts from tax law and bits of financial advice.
 Lol
 
 Hahaha
 Baking up some new bread recipes that are gonna blow yalls minds. Planning to bring a bunch up for New Years
 Do a drive by on our taste buds?
 More like gonna flip the dick down on your taste buds
 I wish WhatsApp had a running tally of booyah quotes in group chat.
 I could probably compute that with their API lol
 We should make a word cloud of our WhatsApp chat
" Btw Dave, let me know if you're gonna be in ct on the day before we go up. Would not mind doing a joint run to Costco to get all the additional meat for the minivan"
 And maybe a plant or two
 
 Yeah I'm in a room
 
 Hey hunns
 I'm at the airport waiting for that connecting flight
 There's a really adorable small dog running around the gate that I think you would enjoy if you were here
 I'm gonna try an sneak a pic
 No dice
 Omg baby
 I Landed and am at work
 Aww hunns I hope you are having a good day in London
 I am in Madrid
 Just waiting for my bag
 ISNT YOUROPE AMAZING
 yES
 I'm in love I want to move here
 It it
 Is
 Are u drunk already
 Lol
 Still drunk actyally
 Lmao also proud
 Did you stay out till like 6?
 Well provably not but it would be funny
 About 2 or 3 I think
 I woke up at 830, almost went with George to his class
 And then fell back to sleep
 Aw
 I miss you, but I'm having too much fun
 Lol
 I had a fun ass wednesday
 are you at homes now bro
 Yep
 George just got back, he's napping now
 Ooh naps!
 Did you eat dinner at like a ridiculously late time
 I'm a bit hungover and its day 1 lol
 We're gonna be constantly hungover in Italy
 Lol I need a day break from drinking already
 I feel like an old man
 Lol baby me too man me too
 I want sleep and no booze
 Luckily we will be day drinking and recovering on beaches
 Lol yes
 I ended up sleeping a bunch  in the late morning so I'm def doing better
 Madrid is a fun city
 Yay :)
 You having fun Hunnies?
 I saw a pretty cool pic on the group chat
 I'm currently exhausted
 I need a good nights rest tonight
 Dawww
 Did you try to call me a little while ago hunnies?
 I saw a random number
 No
 Baby be jealous I've got tiger balmmmmm
 Luckyy
 I had a carob cake for the first time today
 Really good
 Saumil massaged my back and almost made my knot go away
 \o/
 O damn nice
 Magic palm lol I'm almost normal
 Feels so good
 Hi honeys
 I just want to tell you that I love you and I miss you
 I wish you were here with me
 See you on Sundays bebbes
 You are the best
 Aw
 Us in two days
 
 Awwww
 Tomorrow hunnies
 :)
 Yayyy
 Do you know where you're gonna be tomorrows?
 Prob just driving scooters around town
 You should text when you hire
 Take the ferry to Capri: take the high speed ferry (that picks up separately)
 Get to the island then grab a cab to somewhere we will meet you
 Okeu
 Can I get DAT address one more time
 For safety sake :)
 Don't wanna have to use data going in the WhatsApp history
 Ok
 Nm I found it
 Screenshotted
 Ok. It's right next to the courthouse
 Okie
 Will I have to struggle with Italian translations or were you guys okay with English
 We were fine
 Show them the screenshot
 That's what we did
 Awesome sauce
 What's app or text us when here pls
 Okei
 It sounds like I'll be around at 1 or 2
 Okie
 Baby you hereeeee
 Mhmm
 The train was really cool
 How long did it take once you got onto the island?
 òò
 How are u doing bro
 My flight starts boarding in an hour. I've been reading no sleep stories, I think I'm gonna get some coffee before boarding
 I should find my Keys
 There are good stories mann
 Good luck hun
 I've had a pretty rough sinus headache
 Pressure was awful when I was landing
 I think I'm just gonna wait it out till I board then take that Italian meth
 How are you holding up?
 Good. Found keys, got coffee
 Now just waiting around
 I miss you
 Daww
 I miss you Hunnies
 I hope u feel better, I'll have Advil and razors waiting for u
 With pad Thai of course
 :) :)
 You are the best hunns
 òò
 Is there anything I can do for you whilst I'm here?
 òòòò
 Just get that job babbers
 I'll do my best hunnigan
 Found a SUPER attractive pic of me
 So much sex I can't even handle it
 
 Lool
 So hot
 
 
 
 Lol
 All great pictures
 
 
 
 http://www.hotelsinheaven.com/wp-content/uploads/Sofitel-Legend-Santa-Clara-Cartagena-10-878x580.jpg
 
 HELLOOOO FROM THE FUTURE
 HELLOOOOO
 
 CASTERLY ROCK BABY
 
 CASTLEY ROOOCK
 òò
 
 Ô∏èÔ∏èÔ∏è
 Hi baby
 Hi honeys
 How are the castles and the rocks?
 Casterly and rocky as usual
 We went out tonight (or tried), kinda was a bust lol we found the weird teenage red light district part of town
 Umm
 Europe is so odd with its young drinking age
 There were strip clubs everywhere
 And everyone looked like babies
 So we left lok
 Lol
 Okay I was worried when you said "teenage red light district"
 Heh
 All good now
 I'm trying to go to sleep but we had the best coffee and now I'm not tired
 But I was a champ
 Lol
 Slept like 3.5 hrs on the flights over
 And still going
 Go babiess
 Hope you have a great day babe I misssss you
 
 Nah view
 Mah*
 Everyone is facetiming their boys
 Except me
 
 
 
 Now I'm in Kings landing. SHAMEEEEE îîîîîî
 BABY
 Awwww
 So cute
 Hii
 I'm trying to whatsapp call u
 Please call me back? It says u are on another call
 I just called
 Where are yoouu
 I was on the phone with my moms
 
 MY FACE
 Aww you look so pretty :):)
 My boobs are awesome tonight
 I should wear this dress more.often
 
 Baby we went yachting today
 
 Also I yam dark íÅèæíÅèæíÅèæíÅèæ
 òò
 Aww I missed this by a lot :/ napped today like a champ
 I miss you babes òòòòòòòò
 Haiti
 Hiiii*
 I miss you too of
 Just gonna get to bed to take a 4 hr nap lol
 Aww wow you are a champ
 I would not be a happy camper on 4 hours of sleep
 Good night hunny
 Lol I know
 Rather do that and get in at like 5 pm in ny
 Than sleep more but get in around 10
 Whatcha gonna do tonight
 Well I hope you have a good night whatever you do
 Or day ymmrs
 I'm just gonna hang with dave
 Hey I'm at Heathrow now
 My flight to jfk is vs 111
 Lab fees here at noon local time and arrives at 2:46 local time
 Leaves *
 Your shoes are on sale bro
 http://www.sperry.com/en/authentic-original-echo-2-eye-boat-shoe/16103M.html?dwvar_16103M_color=STS10589#cgid=sale-men-shoes&start=1
 Have a safe flight Hunnies
 Also, awesome. Shoos
 I'm back!
 Just landed
 Cool hi hunns
 Hope you had a good time
 I'm getting ready to cook some steak with Dave
 Aw cool. Did u guys go to the meet up thing
 Lol he never got the invitw
 We hung out here and watched a movie last night
 Ended up going out to eat but the bars were a little too crazy
 Cool
 I'm going thru security now
 We had to wait on the tarmac for a few mins
 Hunniess
 De keeeys
 Plz
 where are u
 Just got out
 
 
 Call plz
 PUEDO VER UN JUEGO COMPLETO
 Is can I see a full suit
 
 Full suit
 Have to borrow from the Russians but I have enough
 Good?
 
 Good
 The blazer looks a bit big?
 K getting it
 Try it with your shoes on
 Your dress shoes
 And the pants look large too
 We don't have any more time :/
 We have an hour to get back and get ready
 It took an hour to get here
 I think it's the best I can do while spending a total of 20 minutes here
 Yeah that's fine
 Hey huns were on the way back
 If you have 10 minutes could you do me a huge favor and iron the blue pants and white shirt? It's okay if you can't
 I've already done that :) you're all set here for a shower and a change
 Aww sank ewe hunnies
 Surprise!
 Keep the iron board out just in case doe
 Duh I'm no chump
 I have the larger of my two white shirts here with me
 May want to use the better fitting one for the wedding
 Not sure
 I think we'll be in the area in about 12 minutes
 Don't know what that means for me/dropping off the other hotel guys
 Are saad and or Vaidu with you?
 NM I'm good I'll be back in a couple mins
 Found the gym. It's small but decent
 Also apparently the left vs right thing is pretty common
 Left vs right?
 Yeah the lady at the front desk pointed to the right and was lile
 The gym is over there to your left
 Lolol
 Sorry huns the butt stuff comment was calling me
 Lemme know when you are here
 I'm getting my hair done he's frying my hair
 I hear it crackle every so often
 Omg I hate my hair Iook like fucking shirley temple
 I've seen one wave. It's a fucking curl
 I have to remind myself it's not my day but gah
 No pictures Öè
 I look like shirley temple in drag
 òòòòò
 I can't deal with this
 I look so ugly now
 Awwwww
 I'm not gonna want to be in pics
 Baby
 I wanna pic of you
 I don't care what anyone else thinks
 
 Awww I like the curly
 I don't
 So I got some foods at the hotel lobby
 It's not what  I asked for
 This guy is the worst
 I sat down and Sasha and his girl.. Companion(?) Joined me
 I'm freaking out inside
 I had a 45 minute lunch with them. It was weird
 The girl was nice but Sasha clearly wanted no part in it
 Aww
 You hang out with Emily yet
 No
 Not sure what she's doing, I let her know when I got here, said I was just gonna be eating lunch
 No word from her
 I feel like I'm going to cry
 My hair is a matted mess
 I look better now
 Hey were heading down
 Last chance, you need anything besides Band-Aids?
 
 Nope
 That was a good potato quality pic
 I like it
 Action shot
 We're at the church
 Where are youu
 If you have not left can you grab some aspirin plzzz
 I yam upstairs
 Awaitin but take your time
 I'm back I'm back I'm out of my shower
 Yay come up to vaidu and Saads room
 Were heading over now
 Nuuuu
 Bring me my crossbody pls
 Did you leave already?
 If not can you bring my shoooes
 They have people doing construction at the front tslesl
 Desk
 I'm waiting in the spa lobby
 Heading out now
 Where should I meet you
 I'm still working :/
 I need probably another 15-20 minutea
 That's how long it'll take me to get home
 Okay
 Come here :)
 Just plan to finish up by then k?
 Will do
 
 Is this what you see or did you not get everything
 That's what I see
 But I'm getting really weird and spotty service right now
 Hmm
 I still think we should both head to your place now
 It doesn't make sense for us to be in new haven for half a day right?
 Unless you really wanna do something around here like vino
 I just wanna see you òê
 I could use a nap
 Okay, whatever you wanna do hunnies
 Just lemme know what that is
 I'm gonna shower real quick now, im all packed up
 Hmm come to NY if you're all packed and stuffs
 HIII
 Hii honeys
 I'm so tired dood
 What happened whyyyyy
 Were u up late studying up for interview?
 Lol no I finished studying stuff at like 930 and I wanted to get an early night
 But there was a fucking cricket that found its way into my room
 2 things I learned about crickets last nighy
 First thing is that cricket chirps are surprisingly hard to locate
 Second thing is they are fucking loud
 It was so strange too, like it would stop for 5-10 minutes and I was like 'oh maybe its done or found its way out of my room'
 Nope.
 Hahaha
 Did u catch it
 And is ur room clean now
 Where was it
 My room is still sorta messy but the noise pollution is down now
 I finally found it around midnight I think
 It was so small and insignificant looking that I wasn't sure if I got it at first
 Lolol î™î™?
 More like 
 And do u know how it got in? What if u have a cricket infestation
 Is that a thing?
 Idk
 There are crickets outside almost every house
 But it might be worse than having a newborn
 When do u leave?
 Like 6 or 7 today I think
 We might wait a little longer to avoid traffic
 Baby I look hot tonight
 I'll send u pics when I have them
 Ooo plz plz
 
 Aww you are so pretty honeys
 I want to nap again my period is taking so much out of me I feel bad. I'm just sitting here :/
 Awww Hunnies I hope you feel better soon
 Ugh I feel like crap
 How are you?
 Hi honeys I am sorry I've been so quiet this weekend
 I hope you had a good time at the wedding and I miss yous
 I'm still at Alex's but I finally got the WiFi onto my phone
 No worries I figured you'd be mia since you're in the middle of nowhere :)
 Just give me a call when u get home. I hope you had a good weekend and was able to get some work done
 Aww I like you. I have been, not as much as I wanted to, but some at least
 I maybe got 10-12 hours of stuff in between Saturday and now
 I'm working on stuff now actually, waiting for ribs to finish cooking
 I'm gonna head out after the ribs, probably around 6 or 7
 Oooh enjoy :)
 
 Alex's mom took a picture of the finished produc
 Ur hair looks so good baby
 Aww sanks
 Alex made some memes out of the picture
 
 
 Did any of them mention that look you are giving the camera?
 Ur face is all AYYYYY LMAO
 Ayyyy
 The ribs were so good dude
 I messed up a little but they still came out amazing
 Oh and the turkey was really good
 Good like last time or for realises
 Lol for realsies they were phenomenal
 òòòò
 We had three. One got a little oversinged but the other two were perfect
 òòòòòòòòòò
 U look like u have moobs
 Don't be that way
 *motorboats*
 *rubs nips*
 òòòòò
 ò
 I can teach you how to shake them titties
 It's all in the shoulders bro
 
 MEERY CHRISTMAS BABY
 Also lmao the last message I sent u
 Classssssic
 Hii honey merry christmas
 My phone was dead this mornin
 Glad to see you made it to London safe
 Babies I hope you are having a good Christmas morning/afternoon with your seester
 I'll call you when I'm done with breakfast if you're still home
 
 Merry Christmas babers
 We'll be at home allll day
 So u can call whenever
 
 Less fat picture of me
 I look good
 You do babes, you do
 Also, are you guys wearing tissue paper on your heads?
 They're crowns baby
 From Xmas crackers
 They are these things and they have a toy inside with these crowns
 
 Two ppl pull on it and it breaks but only one person keeps the body which contains all the toys
 Oh I see
 òÅòÅòÅòÅ
 What are u doing are u drinking yet
 Can I get a selfie I miss your beautiful face
 
 I'm tired hunn
 Just got back from breakfast
 Ur so pretty baby
 Come here òòòòòòòòòòòò
 Also...BEARD OF STRIFE!
 
 
 #nofilter #nosleep #beardofLIFE
 Which one is me
 In those fishie pics baby
 You are the first one
 And not just because I recognize the necklace
 Aw u knows me
 U loves me
 Huehuehuehuehue
 Yiss I do
 I do I doo
 Ps this is the best roast chicken I've ever tasted
 Let's make it
 Like beyond any restaurant chicken I've ever had too
 Damn baby that's high praise
 Yeah
 We need to make it
 So I know ppl at palantir. I reached out to see if u could talk to some of them, maybe get an interview out of it
 Omfg vaidu decided to.pick a fight with Saad now
 Wtf
 I am here
 ....
 I just ate more chicken to not be a part of this
 WTF BABY PLSNHELP
 UR SUPPOSED TO PICS UP
 Kill me now
 Ooo
 Wow that was one hell of a rollercoaster
 Baby I am falling asleep and I think I am allergic to my dad's cat
 I took some sudafed and I'm loopy and grumpy right now
 LOOPY AND GRUMOY YAY
 Is it still scary over there
 I switched from coffee to wine
 I feel weird drinking more than one glass tho cos maybe like half or less ppl here are drinking at all
 Honey you can use the apple watch to take selfies with a phone camera
 I'm not sure how I feel about it but I feel like that's information you would want to know
 That's cool
 We're fine now playing cards against humanity online
 U wanna play??
 Okies
 How do I doo
 I'll call you  
 Umm I may not be able to be on the phone too long
 But I can try to do something
 Then that's fine too ell
 Did you call me Hunnies?
 Yes
 CALL ME BACK
 I'm hungover
 Jimyyyyyy
 Make me feel better
 
 Awww poor hunny
 You guys all feeling poopy this morning?
 Slash afternoon now for you
 Oh also I heard that you can find good video game deals after christmas
 Maybe we can find a ps4 or an X bone for a good price
 Ooh maybe
 I think I'm getting sick :(
 How are you guys faring
 Hi honeys I'm at the aeroport
 I MIIISS you
 Feel better babes
 Yay
 We just had ramen
 At a place called bone daddies
 òèòèòèòè
 
 I looked really pretty last night
 Damn girl
 look what I found
 
 Haha nice
 Baby I'm full blown sick
 Sore throat and sinus junk and all
 I think I slept like 12 hours tho which hopefully helps
 :(
 Feel better babes
 Hi babers
 I think I'm getting sick 
 Gonna DayQuil it up today and hope for the best
 :(
 Whatever I have is a doozy
 I slept all day yesterday
 I was awake 5 hours total on sunday
 Ooh that's good!  How you feeling? We're on our way to see the Rosetta Stone right now then going to a winter carnival :)
 I feel like I assume a bear does after waking from hibernation
 Groggy, confused, and probably holding in a whole bunch of poo
 You always did have a way with words
 
 
 The office is very lively today
 Lol. Have we figured out what we're doing Thursday?
 Are we gonna go to Alysias? Are you working during the day?
 I thought we were going to alyssias
 Yeah I have to work
 I think I will leave early and just work on the train down if that's cool
 Yeah I have to work too
 I was able to book a haircut on Thursday morning
 I'll prob head out at noonish
 Won't be many ppl there and no one important
 Yeah the majority of my office is gone on thurs
 Cool! We just got done with winter wonderland. I think I ran over 6-8 small children there
 Maybe 7 total ppl here and I doubt they'll be working all day
 What?
 Winter wonderland
 In London
 It was like a chirstmasmarket
 Oh I see
 With amusement park rides like the summer carnivals in ct
 Except overrun with little bitch kids
 Fun
 Also babu I feel so weird
 Why
 I got so much sleep yesterday
 I also didn't eat anything until midnight
 I just feel weird man
 Ur gonna be jet lagged
 That's cute
 Sympathy jet lag
 Aww
 I was definitely really sick though
 I'm still sick today but I feel so much better than yesterday
 Ok. I got carded twice I love this town
 I'm glad u feel better :)
 Aww
 
 òò
 ççç I mean òòòò
 I miss you
 I have become one of those people
 It's been like 5 days
 Awwww
 Baby you are so cute
 :)
 Maybe it's genetics, maybe it's maybelline
 Hey man, the message works the same
 Lol
 I'm at a bar and this is my view
 That's Hyde park
 
 Oooi
 We're having drinks now then going out to dinner 
 Then getting a nightcap and going homes. I'm gonna take them out both to brunch tomorrow as a thank you for putting up with me
 That sounds awesomes
 It is it is
 But I miss u
 Aww Hunnies I miss you too
 My snapchat is on point today baby go look pls
 Baby I'm drinking white wine
 I'm getting ready to have u choose the vino next time
 
 I'm fulllll
 òòòòò
 We ordered too much food
 Daww
 Your Snapchat is full of fancy memes
 And your belly is full of fooods
 Hi babe were heading to brunch
 Then I come back, relax and I'm off to my flight
 Cone baaaack
 Why don't u love me anymore 
 Awww baaaby
 I miss you
 Also it snowed here
 Not a lot but the roads are ice
 WHAT? ITS COLD :(
 I have to leave in a half hr to go to the airport
 Hey Hunnie did you land?
 hi baby, are you leaving tomorrow am or tonight? i kinda wanna go to the gym tonight if thats okay (will be like at 8 or something)
 I was planning on leaving tmmr morning. I can leave tonight if you want tho
 You gonna go to the gym by you?
 well i dont have any of my crap with me
 so i want to gym
 but we also have to pick up your pants (i have the recipet)
 and i should go grocery shopping
 so maybe ill do that instead and you can meet me?
 or you can  meet me to pick up ur pants and head up, and then i can leave to get my stuff done?
 so we meet in the middle
 You should gym if you want to hunnoes
 I can grab gym stuff for you and meet you at the gym
 that way ur not rushing tomorrow am.
 Let me know when you're thinking about leaving work today then
 well, when does lululemon stay open?
 We can figure stuffs out
 Open till 8pm
 We can gym together maybe? And then food shoppin after
 hmm ok
 well i appreciate your offer babes. we can figure it out close to the acutal time mmmk?
 Idk just trying to think
 If gym at 630 that'd be enough time for me to run and grab my pants
 Otherwise I can grab them first
 i have the receipt tho, maybe if i take a pic and text it to you they will accept it?
 yeah that works babe
 Hmm I will keep that in mind too. Just let me know when you're like 30 minutes from leaving the office, we can do all these thangs one way or another
 okay  cool
 was your stomach hurting this am?
 I don think so
 mine is not happy right now. i just had a bowl of veggies on top of a homemade veggie patty, and am sippin on green juice w/ ginger
 Was urs?
 Awww
 yeah, like crazy.
 Damn
 Chicken?
 no, just veg
 No I mean you think it was the chicken?
 not necessarily
 prob the oil they used
 fried stuff usually gives me stomachache, as does most carbs/breads
 Aw I see I see
 We can eat better to night
 so beata is working w/ a job outplacement gorup which is part of her exit package and shes raving about it. says you should look into it
 called lee hect harrison
 i used them before and didnt really get much out of them, but shes getting a lot out of it so might be worth looking into if its not too expensive
 I'll look into it
 Also I drank coffee this morning and I didn't think I was buzzed but I got up to shower and my legs and arms are shaking like crazy
 I may have had a bit too much caffeine
 Omg
 Are u ok? Lol
 No idea babes
 I probably need to get rid of all this excess energy
 So
 Fun story
 There was a mouse in the pizza box
 I made a slightly unmanly sound when I was gathering some garbage together and a grey blur jumped out
 In hindsight it was kinda cute, if scraggly looking
 Just thought you might want to know and/or think about the type of mousetraps you want to order
 U let it go?!
 Baby I didn't know it was there
 Lolol
 It jumped out of the pizza box and ran like the dickens
 I will prime now mousetraps
 L.ao
 Lmao*
 It ran under the fridge but there's a good chance it's in the walls by npw
 Either way I can't get at it
 Which one should I get?
 I don't want to see the mouse
 Lol I dunno I was looking at the listings
 I remember having ones that were enclosed back in lprraone
 I already named him Hubert
 I don't wanna see Hubert die
 Probably not the best idea to name it of you're plan on killing
 You can get the humane ones if you want
 Not that there's really anywhere for a mouse to be released in manhattan
 The trash chute
 Well sure for a dead mouse
 Not a live one
 Oh by humane I meant nonlethal but yeah that too
 You can get the ones that use electric shocks to kill
 Your mouse is pretty small so I imagine that would work fine
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00448MUVG/ref=psd_mlt_bc_B00448MUVG I think this is the one we had at my last place. It worked decently if you got a few and placed them around
 Not sure if something else would be better
 Ordered
 I'm hungry again
 Blah
 I'm hungry too
 I got my resume critique back, they didn't really like mine either
 Said they didn't like the visual style and that I should focus more on achievements than tasks
 But they thought I had experience in IT/data and somehow I also have 7 years of experience
 that was my feedback
 to the T
 masters prob counts as experience
 Sounds like it
 I mean it was a free review
 I'm guessing they spend probably 1-2 minutes tops going over the resume
 Though maybe that's what makes the most sense
 Oh also they showed a file size comparison and it seems like my resume is a small file compared to others
 I don't know what that's supposed to imply tho if resumes are supposed to be 1 page
 yeah
 i didnt get that part either
 meh wahtever
 Lol pretty much my reaction too
 ugh baby im SO HUNGRY
 omg
 Me too
 want to grab dinnnner
 I was gonna make the rest of the chicken sausage but idk if I should cook now
 oh bc of mouse?
 Lol
 Yeh
 I tossed out the garbage but I still need to clean them dishes
 i guess noodles are our only option
 huh
 It really sounds like it
 lmao baby
 Before or after gym tho
 i cant argue with that logic
 i want to say before bc i feel like im going to pass out
 but i know we wont gym
 Lol probably not
 so i guess after and pray i dont pass out
 I can bring some almonds
 umm
 They are here
 some almonds wont hold me over
 Lol
 Did you eat lunch
 thats like thorwing a bucket of water in the dessert and thinking youve helped some
 yeah, but just a bowl of veggies and some juice
 I can bring 2 things of almonds?
 ò
 i had veggies, green juice, and almond latte
 so prob around idk, 500 cals for lunch,  150 for snack, 50 for coffee?
 I ate some sausage and a couple eggs at like 11
 did u have anything else?
 ...some almonds
 jesus
 Hahaha
 Well and bread
 yeah im cranky
 With the eggsnsausage
 but whatever we have to gym so ill just be in a bad mood till after
 I'm hungry tired
 Hungsausted
 me too. and i have to grocery shop.
 why dont u cook up the rest of the sausage for yourself now
 i wont get to gym until like 6:30 at the earliest
 Where is the gym
 Near you or near me
 anywhere
 lets go near you
 Can you grab a snack now at all
 Also can you text me the receipt for my sweatpants?
 I'll try to go there first
 its ok, ill just have low cal count today
 If we're gonna get soups today you could try Amazon nowing some grocerys tomorroa
 idk
 ill figure it out
 OK just don't pass out hunnies
 amazon now isnt all that geat tbh
 saumil just eats processed crap
 so he likes it
 Lolz
 its not good for fresh veg
 He also is in love with getting things delivered to him
 Just thinking out loud though, thought it might help save an extra 30 minutes of post gym hunger
 meh
 im hungry and cant eat and have to work out instead
 makes me very cranky
 might as well not eat dinner
 whats the point
 30 mins isnt going to make or break me
 
 
 Hey I have the panta
 I'm gonna head up. Do you need water bottle or headphones?
 Water
 I'm done with my "workout"
 Where are you
 Waiting outside
 Oh
 Okay gimme 5 minutes I'll be outside
 this company looks really cool
 https://www.thoughtworks.com/jobs/168905
 I got a response to one of my applications this morning
 Haven't had time to look at it yet but I'm gonna respond after work
 It was from an application at the very beginning of Feb
 I'll let you know more once I look through the response
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/IVdCqyU
 Wow they took their time huh
 
 
 Haha wow I didn't know there was a comic made about us
 There were more but they didn't apply
 woah theres a resume subreddit
 iiinteresting
 http://m.imgur.com/a/3hGSW
 Oh wrong one
 swipe left two times pls
 Lol it doesn't let me swipe from the link
 Yes it should
 It's imgur baby
 FOUNDS IT
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/SLEIg
 SO CUTE
 Omg
 Keep scrollin
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/fM5dbFC
 Aw
 That could be us! But 
 Lolol
 Also I just attended the worst meeting EVER. Cringing tho being about it
 Thinking *
 Awww I'm sorry booper
 I hope your day improvrs
 I miss you a whole bunch
 òò
 çç
 Oh it wasn't my meeting
 I was attending and cringing
 Heheheheh
 Well that is better
 baby it feels like a fridayyyy
 except i dont see you
 
 
 It is a Friday hunnies
 But I MISS YOU
 bro
 bro
 And I have to wait a whole week like what now?
 we made other plans
 together
 Lol I knoe
 It's your sister weekend
 but but
 :(
 i ate my salad and some toast. now im full and drinking water.
 Baby I don't have any plans tonight ans half of me feels like I should be social
 The other half knows I have too much to do
 Maybe I'll take myself out for a drink
 Awwww
 You should treat yoself
 Maybe Francis is around
 Idk
 I should be working tonight tbg
 Tbh
 Baby I'm adulting
 I feel so grown up
 Woot
 :) eating at a bar alone
 
 Awwwww
 I started writing a quick memo thing and it turned into a fifth graders version of a technical report
 I wanna seeee
 I have foods now
 And my bartender friend is here :)
 
 Life is good man. Screw work
 This is my favorite report figure
 Looks like worms
 They look like little snales
 Hahah
 :R
 :D
 
 This one's fancier but it doesn't have as many baby snakes
 I don't understand
 It's baby snakes booper
 Lol are u measuring on a scale of one to Australia?
 Lolol it's actually an implementation of a queue generation algorithm sandwiched between toll assignment runs
 Ur a troll assignment run
 *eyebrow waggle*
 The baby snakes represent volume-delay functions
 So ur super Australia
 òòòòòêçêç
 Aka two human killing spiders
 Ack no
 Got it, Rick.
 Lol
 Noooooope
 I'll only kiss u if u promise to boozy brunch with vaidu and Saad
 Okay
 òòòòòòòòòò
 Yussssss
 Also ur òò were odd
 òòàààà
 They were accompanied by baby snakes
 Lmao baby
 I'm a pig
 êêêêêêêêêêê
 I'm gonna eat all of the bread + all of the food
 Uh oh
 Lol I love you hunns
 Lol
 I'm super content right now
 Life is good
 I like your style berbs
 What? Drink and eat too much?
 Is the a style? Bc I like it too
 Nah I mean you're just relaxing super effectively
 Oh duh
 Booze and carbs
 Lolz
 My main food groups
 I'm bout to grab some booze and some thaifood
 And have a grand ol time
 THAIFOOD FRIDAYS
 But I gotta tidy the apt before Dave gets in
 Get Thai iced tea
 And spike it
 I know I know
 I'm a genius
 Ooooo
 Right? With some bourbon
 I feel like some other booze might make more sense
 But I'm all about bourbon anyway
 Maybe like a dark rum idk
 No honey
 The sweetness of the bourbon
 Will work
 Offsetting the bitter tea leaves
 But be sure to use half the bottle
 Lol
 òòòã
 òòòòêçêç
 Stupid snakes
 ™™™°Ô∏è°Ô∏è°Ô∏è
 Snakenado
 Lol
 I'd watch that movie
 Ok I'm about to head upstairs
 Back home to slump on the couch lol
 Noice
 I'm bout to leave work
 Yeah.2 drinks in
 Woot
 This guy made EM STRONG
 Wooo
 so ive found a system that works
 1. get resume up to date and SHORT. i want to take another look at yours
 2. find recruter on companies you want to apply to on linkedin
 3. send them request to be friends
 3. once you send a request, send them a quick note telling them you want to chat about opportunites at their company
 (knowing they have an open rec you can fill)
 that's worked this am so far at one place
 im gonna try my hand to see if it works elsewhere too
 How are you chatting with them from work tho
 phone
 linked in app on personal phone
 just to set up time
 Seems risky man
 nah
 OK
 i actually sent all the emails this am from home
 before i went to work
 and the guy emailed me back this am
 so i just went to the bathroom and compiled a quick response
 Ook
 im not having conversations, just to set up some tme w/ them.
 and then i'll prob go to some coffeeshop here and call them on my phone when the meetin gis set up
 to chat
 but apparently this works
 You doing it today?
 tomorrow
 i want to send resume out to others and do the same thing tonight
 Word
 so tomorrow hopefully i can hear back
 Vaidu said your resume is good but too wordy. she also told me mine was too wordy.
 so who knows
 lol
 I dunno
 A lot of it is subjective
 I thibk
 yeah, but she makes good points
 bc you scan a resume. if its too wordy you cant easily scan
 so your stuff gets lost / you wont get picked up
 i should probably go back to my six hour meeting today D:
 so annoying.
 YAY ANOTHER COMPANY REACHRD OUT TO ME FROM MY INITIAL EMAIL
 SYSTEM.WORKS
 (Email was two weeks ago so system is slightly flawed)
 hi baby u around?
 im lookin at nashville flights
 and from thurs night - sunday the flights are 500-600 USD
 but from wed - sunday  they are like 250
 so im thinking we should leave wed
 but wanted to check in with you and hear your thoughts
 Yeah 250 does sound better
 So you'd be ok with taking an extra day off?
 I fink so
 I just took a quick look, I'm getting 400ish for wed-sun
 Vaidu found it cheaper
 Delta round-trip she saw
 Jfk-nashville?
 Oh Nvm it's 341 pp
 Vs 500-60
 Weird
 Maybe there aren't many tickets lefy
 I got 397 cheapest on Wed and 487 cheapest on thur
 so vaidu stopped by the office
 and she could even notice the awkwardness between myself and my boss
 Fun
 it is
 i need to GTFO
 ASAP
 how are you doing huns
 
 awe
 i love you
 Love you too hun
 thats so sweet now i wanna cry
 Lolwat
 im pmsing
 i was compaining about my day and you sent me something to make me laugh
 that was really sweet
 and it made me wanna cry
 whoremoans man
 Aww hunns
 I love you
 I hope your week goes well
 Damn whoremoans
 I gots some other ones that I'm saving for you
 awe
 /sigh
 so i cant wait to see you
 and eat chicken wifs you
 want get some cuddles
 while staying in and being lazy
 *eyebrow waggle*
 òò
 Yay
 youre cute
 how late you gonna stay at work tonight?
 Umm prolly 1145 again
 no baby i wooorrry
 what are you doing at work so late?
 just studyin?
 Yeah
 Gonna learn me some knowledge
 :\
 I need to get better man
 i know
 I don't usually have much time during the weekends
 And it's an easier environment to stay focused in
 i know
 i just want it to pay off
 u work so hard
 Me too
 For now I guess I keep at it
 yup
 vaidu emailed u, idk anything more than that or the content
 Applications and setup calls on weekends and learning during the week
 Lol it was so work email
 She said she's gonna make some notes and shoot it over to me
 what about applications and setup calls?
 oh
 keeping at it
 durr
 Weekends and morningd
 I only applied for a couple places this week cos I'm apparently changing my resume this wknd
 loool
 oh
 news
 we caught heubert
 rip
 Ah. rip heubert
 You might wanna keep a trap around just in case he had a brother or something
 I'll have to buy another one
 Accidentally dialed Lmao
 Lol
 hi boopers have a good day
 òò
 òòòò
 :)
 WE GET CUDDLES TONIGHT
 CUDDLES BABY CUDDLES
 CUDDLES + CHICKEN
 Woot
 Lmao
 Baby that's how I seduce u
 Is it working
 Prettymuch, yeah
 Yusss òò
 òòòòòò
 I can't wait for tonight
 I get to hang out with both you AND vaidu?!
 GET OUTTA HERE
 Lolz
 The dream team
 You're still going to that show with alyssia and stace, right?
 Yes
 Ok
 Prob will end at like 9:30?
 I see I see
 I'm not sure whether I'll get there before you
 I might
 Although I'm still at home
 Poopin
 Lol
 Hey booper how's your day going?
 Ok. I started bawling in Alex's office
 Finally told him
 Awwwwwww hunnie
 He said to start looking and he would help
 \o/
 I'm glad he's on your side with this hunnie
 Seems like he's aware of how shitty the situation is
 He also said weird things like When I started he tried to mentor me, but stopped bc sarah called him  and told him to stop mentoring and if he wanted to continue he needed to go thru her
 Which is really odd
 I think they are moving all my work back into my old team
 So that's why I feel like I'm in limbo
 That really is so bizarre
 But he said he would help
 So yay
 Thats great hunnies
 He's probably got some really helpful connections
 Yeah
 I just wanna hug u and cry
 But he said to start looking
 And that from a management perspective it sounds weird
 Lol
 Aw
 But yeah I don't understand wtf is up
 Yeah I'm super on edge right now
 Hey huns I left work
 Hope you enjoy the show tonight
 I should be there around when you get out
 Hey hunns I just got to your apt
 we just got to intermission
 O wow lol
 Guess I'll be here a while
 Allll byyyyy yourselfffff
 Let me know if you wanna meet me somewhere after you guys get out I guesss
 Okie. Prob not bc we all work tomorrow
 Yeah I figure
 Except you and Vaidu. Well, u work but u have like a 30 second commute
 So u don't count
 òò
 Yeah but there's gonna be traffic on the way to my desk tmmr
 Lmao
 U ass
 òòòòòòòò
 Sigh
 òòòòòòò
 Damnit u and ur ways
 Heheh
 Love u bebbes
 I screenshot that she sent it to Vaidu she's sitting 3 seats away
 Damnit
 Why are u funny
 Whyyyyyy
 I had anchovies for din
 Can't wait to make out
 You're my promoter at this point
 òòòò
 Why are you so gross sometimes
 I've been having tiny fish burps
 çççç
 Pineapples?
 çççç
 Baby what are u doing
 ê†ê†ê†ê†ê†ê
 Huh oh I'm just going into your fridge and licking every one of your food items
 We have snackums too
 It's a territoriality thing
 Lmao
 Baby lick the frozen chicken
 In the freezer
 I lick what I want to
 Oh you should try the green sauce and hummus
 I might try it tomorrow
 I had dinner on the train
 Everything in life is a vehicle for green sauce baby
 Hoo boy I slept like it was my life's work
 Tried to stay awake till 8pm
 Fell asleep at 4pm
 Still slept till just now
 Aww yay!
 I tried to email recruiters on LinkedIn last night but I needed a better email so I ended up not applying to where I wanted yet
 So I feel semi useless :( but I ended up sleeping from 9:30-6
 And my stomach hurts still :/
 And I'm annoyed at work
 Can we do resume work over the phones tonight? I'm just pissy
 Sure hun
 Lemme know what time you wanna do it
 òÔ∏è grumpy aru òÔ∏è
 Umm prob late :/ how long do u plan on working tonight?
 Probably 730-8 with gym
 Ok we can do post gym
 I'm in such a bad mood today
 òòòòò
 òòòò
 What pissed me off the most is we moved seats this weekend
 And I had coordinated to make sure I had all my shit
 But no one else on my team did
 They arnt even here!
 Wtf
 Baby
 Do u get headaches from raw onions?
 Hello
 Umm idk
 I get stomachaches from them
 I just got a headache from a leek salad with a few onions in it
 Weird
 I want
 https://i.imgur.com/bd7ZE3x.jpg
 Baby I love u
 I just wanted you to know
 Awww baby
 I love you too
 You're the best
 
 Aww
 Let me know if I'm coming off too strong with this whole getting u a new job thing ok? I just want to help u as much as i can
 òòòòòòò
 https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/49i1du/people_who_are_datingmarried_to_an_identical_twin/
 
 It's mister poopy butthole
 
 
 
 http://i.imgur.com/v1MYzur.gifv
 
 Baby u look so good
 Aww stop it you
 Also did you see the bird?
 
 Just in case you didn't catch it the first go around
 I'm so hungry
 I love how u were like one meat dish
 But don't worry u wrapped it in bacon
 
 Haha yes
 Still only counts as one though
 How was it
 It was really good man
 I'm so hungry
 The gravy from it was crazy tasty
 I'm drooling on me phone
 Get some food hunns
 Me right now
 
 
 Ummm
 Are u ok?
 I was doing situps
 U need to breathe thru them bro
 Lol you are such a hater dude
 Vaidus throwing some serious shade at this convo
 I think she's the hater here
 
 
 .....
 
 When was this bebbers
 
 This could be us but u playin
 Just finished listening to the cat episode of stuff you should know
 I wanna get a cat now
 But like, a serious looking cat
 Mostly so I can name him colonel floofs
 
 ^colinel floofs
 LMAOOOOO
 Why
 Why do I love u
 Is that a Scottish fold?
 Yeah
 Hard to tell with the ears but definitely a fold smooshface
 I'm gonna auction u off to the highest bidder
 Why
 Cats
 Why
 òìòìòì
 Lolol
 https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4drnc8/update_when_should_i_23m_tell_the_girl_im_dating/
 Damn, that's some shit right there
 So baby
 I still can't believe you thought that dog was gross
 Lool
 Baby
 It's literally killing me inside
 Baaaaby noo
 Maybe we arnt meant To be?
 Every dog I see now I'm like that's cute JIM PROB THINKS ITS UGLY
 It's one dog!
 It's the principal of the matter!
 And really it's more like 40% dog, 60% dog head
 It only takes one dog
 Baby that dog ain't right
 http://m.imgur.com/ShnqTEX
 Baby you ain't right
 How can I trust u again?
 HOW??!!!?!
 Lol hunnigan
 Pls
 îîî
 When's the last Time u smoked crack?
 Cuz its affecting ur judgement
 
 Jesus all of that sounds amazing
 Except for the weird lemon carrot
 Lmao
 You're a weird lemon carrot
 I think it's a turnip I'm disguise
 Maybe I am
 Lmao
 BABY I THINK I GO TIT
 THEY IS A ASKIN FOR REFERENCES NOW
 BABY BABY BABY
 WHEEEEEE
 !!!
 Baby I'm so proud
 òò
 also i forgot my phone at home so im on whatsapp on my comp
 and vaidu has physically sending all my info from my email
 Ah
 Lol fun stufds
 BABY BABY BABY IM SO HAPPY
 Woooooo
 :D :D :D i want to go take you and vaidu to steakums and eat my weight in steaks to celebrate
 Oh huns
 so i was supposed to hear back from Orchard today
 to "wrap things up"
 i havent heard AT ALL.
 im so bummed
 silence is not usually a good thing
 one more hour until im busy again
 You'll get it huns
 I dunno what they're doing
 ughhhhhh fml fml fml
 they dont want me. no emails or calls. D:
 should i email him back or just wait
 or give up hope?
 im banking on giving up hope right now and eating my feelings
 i cant freak out to beata and vaidu
 they dont want to hear it
 so im going to stop
 Honeys just give it a little time
 and ill freak out to u instead
 It's gonna be okay
 what if they found someone else
 Then you'll find another company
 You will
 ps since i have it up, this is one unit we are seeing this weekend: http://streeteasy.com/building/1n4th-1-north-4-place-brooklyn/ph1b
 i cant stay here for any longer tho
 i just cant do it.
 But there's a good chance they're just getting stuff ready
 That's a nice place huns
 But why
 It's so expensive and it's in Williamsburg
 bc its pretty and has all the ammenities we want
 is that expensive? its 2500 but it has gym in building, laundry in unit so we wouldn't have any other expense except for interwebs and cable if we wants.
 and its a month free so we could prob get the rent lower
 sigh
 i hate my life
 I'm just comparing it to the really nice apt we saw back in Jan
 It was cheaper than 2500pp
 And it's in Manhattan, so most likely the places you want to go will be much closer
 Seems like a waste to go to bk unless the apt really is super nicr
 true. but this one didnt have that extra 60/month fee for gym, nor the laundry i'd have to pay for
 I thought it had laundry in unit
 the other one no
 had a laundry room
 I think we're talking about different ones
 im talking about the one we almost got
 im only comparing to that one
 I was comparing to the one with the really nice view
 My thought is you'll be more isolated in bk than where that one was
 whic one w/ the reallynice view
 But maybe there's more to do than I realize
 the one we almost got but it fell thru right
 No
 the other one
 with floor to ceiling windows?
 The one that had the floor to ceiling windows
 aha i see
 this is true
 Idk what stuff is around you
 In bk
 Maybe a lot
 williamsburg is basically like another village
 i saw this one too
 http://www.abingtonproperties.com/buildings/4
 That one just links me to their main site
 park ave south is the building
 I really wanna go home bro
 I need to get some supplies for food tho
 Namely wraps
 aw
 what kinda supplies?
 Possibly beans as well
 aw
 I only have a giant can of black beans and I feel like that's too much for just 2-3 dinners
 co-op?
 i thought you were making chicken?
 I made chicken this morning
 But I want a burrito
 With said chicken
 I had a pretty good vegetarian salad for lunch
 ooh
 I used chickpeas as the main protein source
 Pretty filling
 ooh
 i didnt know u did veggie that seriously
 what made you change? cheaper or less thought to put together or both?
 I just don't like meat in salads I make
 Doesn't taste good versus fresh veggies
 There was no avocado ripe enough to do the job
 So then it would have been a.....avocano
 Baby
 Hello
 Helllloooo
 ugh
 something is bothering me
 What's bothering you hun
 this whole vaidu thing
 once i apologized its like its all my fault and i dont htink she understood why i was mad and why i was also right on some things i said
 shes just hanging on to the fact that shes right
 and it bothers me
 You guys should probably have a talk about what's going on
 Kinda thought you would
 i have tried
 u have no idea
 -___-
 It's gonna be hard to not lash out at each other like you did on sun
 You gotta be able to shut that down on her end and your end
 but she insists that im in the wrong
 and i am not.
 lack of communication goes both ways, bruh
 Yeah it does
 and the other hting is that she says she wants space
 but then kicks me out
 im going up to see you.
 where is her going to see my parents?
 why cant she make the effort to give me space?
 Does she have ppl or places she can go to?
 she will say no. but i mean....she can at least just go home
 and then the final thing is that shes like oh i thought you were there to support me. like i dont have shit on my plate to just drop all my problems bc she needs me
 like ive been going thru shit since JANUARY
 shes been going thru it FOR A MONTH
 and she cant understand that?
 i even told her maybe weshouldnt live together
 Maybe you can help her understand what's going on
 and she was like yeah maybe we souldnt
 but that was just spiteful
 But like
 Did you bring it up as a discussion or was it like an attack
 i just want this stupid apartment thing to go thru
 And what about her end
 i just said it while we were on the topic
 and she lashed out saying it spitefully
 and the other thing is that she is comparing herself to me
 and thinks that orchard is a more stable company that hightower.
 so she feels like shes at the shitty end of the stick
 and the fact that saad told her she made the wrong decision
 shes of course now thinking she made the wrong call too
 bc thats what saad told her.
 Jesus
 like she makes decisions, then lashes out at me when she doesnt like them?
 at least own up to it
 and its not even a month in
 I mean I wouldn't get up on your high horse about that tho
 shes just not giving it a chance
 rushing to conclusions
 and its making her miserable
 shes been telling me how she has to work harder there bc the technology doesnt come to her as easily as blk did (bc she knew the technology here at blk really well). and how shes not being onboarded or trained correctly
 It's useful to get some distance to gain perspective but also incredibly hard
 and im thinking that this is how it is when ur not part of a program
 but im not going to just say thats how i felt in every one of my jobs
 im just going to be ike oh, well try to reach out to the right people i guess to get urself up to speed
 So much drama man
 its just....
 i dont get it.
 Unrelated question
 u just started a job
 u knew nothing about the industry
 Are chickpeas okay to eat if theyve sprouted
 give it a fair shot
 whatchu mean sprouted?
 i would thikn yes
 bc thats how bean sprouts are made
 Oh I see
 Okay
 http://www.seriouseats.com/2011/04/how-to-grow-bean-sprouts-in-a-jar.html
 But yes like a bean sprout
 my mom did it with lentils all the time
 youre cool
 Looks like a mini potato
 just let em sprout a bit more
 My salad will get soggy tho
 why?
 u sprout them in a seperate contianer
 drain them on paper towels
 then add to salad?
 Lol I just mean they're currently on my salad and I wanna eat rm
 oh
 then yes
 i havent eaten yet :(
 I just started eating
 lol chomp chomp chomp
 i lost more weight baby
 :D
 I've been interrupted by people several times since then tho
 That's good hunnies
 im finally not fatty
 You were never fatty babers
 well, im officially not medically overweight
 
 lmao
 Any news about the apartment biz?
 nope. not yet.
 Okie
 Well
 we officially submitted all paperwork incl. dads
 Hopefully stuff goes your way
 Ah
 i called the ppl at the old apt company to follow up to cloes my incident
 and we ahve more apt viewings set up this week
 and we have a month to move
 so....
 off to a good start
 Sounds like you're doing the best you can
 we are seeing this one today http://streeteasy.com/building/159-bleecker-street-new_york/5a
 Wow the whole "renovated open kitchen" is really a stretch
 But it looks nice
 lmao yup
 And it's super close to where you are now
 I particularly like the bottom of picture number 2
 did u say something to vaidu?
 she just said this: Btw I said this before but just wanted to say it again. Sorry for my part in our fight on Sunday.
 No I haven't spoken to her since I left
 interesting
 ooh we are having a good talk now tho
 you should be proud of me
 i realized that i was just doing OK w/ my shit alone, but i guess i couldnt really handle anything else.and youve been super good w/ that but vaidu needed me when i couldnt help her out and then we blew up
 I GOT ANOTHER OFFER
 same cash comp
 increased shares to 7.5k
 june 1st start date
 So many good things
 I'm so proud hunns
 thank you
 thank you for being there for me babers
 i know this cant be easy on you
 we can celebrate soon once everything is official
 Looking forward to it hunns
 òÅ
 Guess who
 
 Babbbbby
 Baaaaaaaaaaby
 Jesus that's unnerving
 That's Vaidu
 Obviously
 But still
 Really creepy
 Lmao
 Isn't it great
 Love snapchat filters man
 hi hi
 i need u to tell me that im not making a mistake.
 With orchard?
 yes.
 Do you like the company?
 yes
 Do you like what they do and the ppl you met?
 and i like the people 1000x more than this.
 Okay
 So you're good
 Don't over think it hunns
 im not 100% sold on what they do, but i trust the pepole that run it
 andi think i will be learning more for my overall career there
 than staying here
 You got a good offer too
 7.5k shares and a signing bonus
 And you get paid about as much as you do at blk+bonus
 is it wrong to tell my boss and see what they counter for me to stay?
 i dont want to stay.
 im just nervous
 idk why
 You can go ahead if you want but I wouldn't just ask them to keep you
 Money doesn't equal retention
 i know.
 i know im undervalued here
 im just...idk
 hesitating
 You're nervous
 That's pretty understandable
 But you don't like where you are now
 And I'm pretty sure you're aware
 But you need to leabe
 You need to get out
 i know.
 this is weird
 You're good
 im existing
 i feel weird
 weeeeird. weird.
 Thats the feeling of freedom babers
 Lol
 I just got a haircut. I think I wanna trim my beard down to match
 pic pic pic
 pls
 
 Best I could do while walking
 the sunlight makes u look bald
 its a creepin me out
 bro
 The sunlight?
 Lol
 yes
 your right side
 looks bald
 but if i can try to imagine that its actually hair
 it looksgood
 Oh I guess
 and yes shave down the beaard to match
 like i see a line that circles your face
 and whatever is behind it is like a tumorous bald head
 I don't see what you're talking about
 I think I'm kinda glad I don't lol
 its creepin me out man
 
 Unamused
 thats better
 non cancer jim
 i like
 Lll
 It looks even better in person
 lol
 ur checking urself out in the mirrored surfaces arnt u
 No
 There are no mirrored surfaces within reach
 I'm tired hunns
 Day 3 no coffee mang
 My office is a ghost town right now
 Just me, a PM, and like 2 other guys
 lol
 did you ever have that chat w/ your PM?
 The startup thing?
 He hasn't been at the office this week
 yeah
 ok cool
 so we can talk about it this weekend
 yay
 He's on vacation till the beginning of may
 Okies
 I thought he would be in the office this week but nah
 thats good. gives u time
 to think it thru ya know
 Tru
 So I didn't end up having lunch today because I ate some oatmeal at 11
 Not sure if I wanna eat lunch for dinner or if I just save it for tmmr
 idk dude
 follow ur heart
 and stomach
 Lols
 Is 1030 too late for a movie?
 That one is apparently the only showing of the jungle book in non 3D
 So I can't come up
 My dad can't be the guarantor
 Oh shit what
 Can you call?
 
 And Vaidu said this which pisses me off
 Bitch please you arnt that important. Come on it was annoying when she put saad and her relationship over apt hunting last week. And now I can't do the same?
 
 
 the nerve
 ò°
 I think she's saying that you should still come up
 Can you call?
 Baby I love you
 I feel like my life is just falling into place like it's supposed to
 And it's a really good feeling
 :) I'm glad babes
 i cant believe we got the apt
 hot damn.
 Lol honestly I'm still surprised it was so hard dude
 But I'm excited for you
 idk why it was so fucking hard
 hi babers
 so i saw this and thought of u. it looks nice.
 http://www.jetsetter.com/hotels/montauk/new-york/4793/the-montauk-beach-house?nm=pdp-recently-viewed
 Aw huns
 You wanna do that one weekend?
 lol :)
 Ack I forgot to eat lunch
 Baby no
 Eat it now
 ò
 I'm on my way to VA babers
 I hope you had a good day
 Hey booper I just checked into my hotel. I tire tho
 
 Have a good day hunnies
 òò
 Aww thanks babers
 It's gonna be good I thin
 I'm gonna go drive around Norfolk this morning and then meet with the clients in the afternoon
 òòòò
 http://www.westelm.com/products/rachel-koslowski-mallard-duck-table-lamp-w1936/
 baby
 lets play a game online!!
 ITS MY LAST DAY
 òÅòÅòÅè
 òòòòòòòò
 Yaaaay
 òòòòòòòò
 :D
 I hope you have a good day
 I had a pizza last night and so I feel like I'm dying this morning
 Bad life decisions lol
 i did 2/4 things i had to finish today
 i have like 2 more things  and im doooone for the day
 lmao aww babers
 Woooot
 yeah. one more thing thats actually work
 I was laying in bed moaning for a good 30 minutes this morn
 Oo
 Is the other thing hanging out with meee?
 awe yes hunns it is
 im so exciteddddddd
 Aww nice
 i am a waste of space today
 *waves* i like you
 O hello there
 I miss you hunns
 I would like some cuddles pls
 oh me too
 like, right now would be perfect
 thanks
 
 Omg
 That's adorable babers
 I want to be that cat
 Lol me too
 I had to trim the video length but they're all under a blanket at the very end
 omgggggg
 I WANTS
 I WANTS IT NOW
 The blanket says naps are better with dogs
 
 Here you go
 OMG BABBBBBY why u do this to me
 Baby I'm on a conference call and I have to poo so bad
 Life is rough
 It's been 2 hours so far
 LMAO
 i actually laughed out looud
 i love u
 Baby baby baby congrats on your last day of work
 You did it
 I love u
 
 Hey babe
 This email looks fine right
 I like it I like it
 You could include other contact options or like just state your contact info on the bottom
 But that's not necessary since you're sending from your personal email
 Sank ewe babers
 I juas on a call just now
 I'm done now
 Should I uber home or should I work for another 30 minutes and then go home
 You ber
 Pls
 Or train down to NYC
 Only Options
 Lolol
 Youber to NYC?
 Lmao
 Best of both worlds
 Yup
 òòòò
 òòòòòòòò
 Oh I was gonna work out
 Eh I don't think I'm feeling up to it today
 My stomach has been going crazy
 Dat pizza life
 I pooed four times today
 No coffee either
 *takes notes*
 Go o
 On*
 Lmao
 Are you getting dinner n drinks with Franny?
 Yup
 
 Oh wow fancy
 Well have a good time hunns
 Tell him j say hi
 Steakums bro
 Nice
 
 I'm enjoying some avocado toast out. will

 Aww that sounds nice
 I miss you bro
 Yeah it is. And I miss u too
 I will see u soon do not worries
 Okie okie
 :) my stomach kinda hurts but I'm gonna just live it up anyways
 Aww
 I accidentally just got a glass of rose
 Idk how that happened
 Must have blacked out and woken up at the bar :/
 òÅ
 Lolol
 
 Oops!
 Looks like a pretty cool place to hang out
 Baby it is è
 
 I'm writing my boss a personal email bring like "keep in touch!"
 Cool cool
 Lindsey?
 Sarah and Lindsey
 Sarah - 








 Oh I see
 Good?
 I got up and feel like shit now. Headache, stomachache and feel like puking. :/ I think I'm dehydrated I didn't drink much water today. Craaaap. And I'm full of snot. Yuck. And I have some weirdo sitting next to me on the train. Why can't that weirdo be you :(
 Looool baby I miss you
 I'm sorry you're feeling all poopy
 Hopefully you can get some good rest this weekend
 Can you call or no
 I'm im the car
 Lemme call later
 Ah okie
 Just wanna talk things through
 They finally put out the list of companies and openings for uncubed
 It's so sparse compared to a year ago for data science related stuff
 Also i got an email from a company I don't remember applying to
 Asking about my application and asking me to do some sort of interview work
 Lmao
 Go for it babers
 Yah I can call but it's gonna be after dins
 Thats fine
 I'm probably gonna head home and figure out dinner soon
 I'm hongry
 It's Thai food Thursday's
 Oo
 I want
 I think I'm getting a chicken wrap tho
 Healthyish
 I can't stop shoveling Pad Thai in my mouth
 It's prob easily two servings
 Lolol
 But I can't help myself
 Must be good
 I'm an empty put
 Pit*
 I'm so hungry bro
 I must be near my period
 I can't stop eating I had to unbutton my jeans
 
 Lolol
 That looks amazing btw
 It's right by the Norwalk DMV
 Best Thai food and huge fucking portions
 Noice
 Omg I can't think straight
 Too busy digesting
 Awesomesauce
 Lolol
 No this is bad
 I'm home
 And im sick :(
 Awwww
 I wish I could have some cuddles and bring you soop
 I hope you feel better hunns
 My snot is dark yellow
 :/
 I just hope it works out for ya? Really??!
 dont ignore me
 ugh
 ??
 Hun I need to work
 
 Baby I found scruffs Mackenzie
 Dawwwww
 Pls
 Hunns did you butt dial me?
 I was supposed to be calling my mom
 Whoops
 O I see
 Chicken satay keeps falling into my moufs
 Help
 I would love to help you hunnies
 I haven't eaten much today
 http://i.imgur.com/TsX0615.gifv
 Squeeee
 
 Puppers
 òçòç
 íò
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/i850ry0
 
 ??
 idgi
 Bagq
 Baby
 Did you watch the whole gif?
 yeah?
 i thought i did
 Did you look behind that guys head?
 Just look real hard right behind it
 yeah
 theres someone there
 MRW someone tells me a joke that I don't get, but my Siamese twin on the back of my head explains it to me in a language we only understand
 It's funny
 idgi
 its not babers
 I can't explain it any more than thay
 It's like the person is the conjouned twin
 It's funny bro
 oh
 i dont think thats funny babers
 òthats what im doing every time im blowing my nose
 
 
 I feels like a poopy turd with lots of corn in it
 
 I just had some sushi with me momma. Now we're going home and we're gonna cook some dinner for tonight and some bfast for her tomorrows
 Then go see moovies man
 Hii honey
 I hope you're having a good day wif your moms
 It sorta sounds like it
 I spent the afternoon on the phone with my moms
 I have a sinus infections
 But other than that it's a good day
 How's ur moms doing
 Hi babers
 I hope u have a good day
 I was wondering if I could come up and visit you this week?
 Just for a few days. Let me know pls
 I miss you
 Thanks hunnies
 You're awesome
 You're welcome to come visit
 Just... Not today
 That cauliflower was bad
 Gonna spend some quality time with the toilet this morning
 Weight loss?
 Think of them abs
 I'm hungry and I feel like I'm gonna vomit
 Life is weird sometimes
 Can I call u
 Umm I think all I can manage is intermittent moaning
 How are you doing babers
 Better noe
 I went in to work
 Still reluctant to eat anything though
 òì
 What's wrong with u
 U don't go in to work
 U enjoy not pooping and puking in the comfort of ur own bed
 Silly boy
 Lol
 Grab some saltines
 I had to train someone today
 I'm gonna
 Should be basic enough to eat
 Poop on them pls
 Training 101
 Lol but I like jerry
 I don't wanna poop on him
 Lol u couldn't move it?
 It's basically this whole week
 Hes gonna start doing modeling work
 Is that going to help u
 Or are you still going to have to do everyone's job for them
 Jerry is actually capable
 If he can do modeling I might not have to be the only person to solve problems
 That's good then
 I think so
 Yay :)
 My mom got me upset this am
 Can give me a call later today / tonight pls? I'd like to talk to u
 Okie hun
 And I'm sorry
 Thank u
 It's ok
 I'm even sicker today
 ò
 I sound like a man.
 òòò
 Dawwww
 You just rest hunnies
 Can I call
 I'm feeling better but I'm still sick
 Awww hi honeys
 You don't need to push yourself
 I just hope you feel better
 Thank you
 I just woke up from a nap. My face itches but I'm feeling better. Don't think the amoxicillin is doing anything
 I'm still taking Advil cold and sinus
 Hi
 Are u there? Can u text?
 Hey
 Yeah sure
 Just sitting down to dinners
 I'm just feeling super blah. I'm in a ton of pain and discomfort and don't even want to travel or move anymore
 Aw huns
 Is there anything I can do to help?
 Can u fashion a large hook and help me scratch my sinuses and teeth ?
 Loool
 You're cute huns
 Silver lining is you'll be feeling better around Thursday
 Not that it really helps right now
 Yeah
 I knows
 But right now I'm :(
 :(
 I know I'm a broken record
 But I think you should rest as much as you can
 I am resting
 You can defer major packing stuff to when you feel better in a couple of days
 Yeah hopefully it won't take too long to pack
 I miss u
 But if u were here I would get sick
 I miss you too hunns
 So I'm kinda happy you're not
 I know I know
 Bc this shit sucks
 I can see thay
 Also I should Neti pot but I'm scared
 Can u Neti pot with me?
 I've never done it veforey
 Sure hun
 Yay
 I saw Rhett and link do it during an episode of gmm
 You're the best
 It can't be that tough
 Lmao
 If they can do it
 Also I've been drinking fresh squeezed orange juice
 That shits da bomb
 It's my main food group ATM
 Dude yes it's so freaking good
 Bagels and oj
 Vitamix and oranges?
 No I just bought a jug from gourmet garage
 Oo
 Way easier
 Ezactly
 Plus regular oj sits in vats for like a year
 That shit is whack
 That's gross
 They manually color it orange
 I can feel my sinuses drowning in phlegm
 And when I lie down I feel it shift within the sinus cavity
 I hate that feeling
 Kinda like waves
 I'm really sexy
 Have you tried using mucinex?
 It sometimes helps
 Advil cold and sinus bro. I think it has the same meds in it
 I don't want to mix too much
 Ucinex is different I think
 Already on a high dosage of drugs
 But idk about drug combinayions
 Ooh maybe then
 Ima look it up
 What's for dinner babers
 It doesn't have acetometaphen
 Simple pasta dish
 Rigattoni with tomato and pepper
 Oh
 The stoplight peppers so it's all colorful
 That sounds good
 I was gonna add broccoli too but there was already too many veggies
 Oh also it has hot Italian chicken sausage
 Sounds good dude 
 It was pretty tasty
 Maybe I'll lose lots of weight
 From my oj and bagel diet
 Lol
 Breakfast of champions
 Dinner of sinus infection victims
 Lmao victims
 I'm watching GOT now
 Wiener wiener wiener
 Lolol
 Enjoy berbs
 I want to see you
 I miss u
 I can't do this any longer
 I haven't seen you in forever
 I don't want to travel anymore. I just want to see u
 Hey babe I want u to come down this weekend. Please lemme know/call me back mmmmk?
 I just finished watching Psych ò
 We have decided u are the Juliet to my Shawn. And Vaidu is my Gus.
 Gender roles be damned!
 Lol baby
 It ended now I'm sad
 Ae
 Aw
 I'm still on season 5 man
 I have so many EPS left
 I'm so jealous
 :(
 
 !!!!!!
 U got it bro
 èèè
 òò
 òòòòêÖ
 Lmao
 èèèèèè
 Somehow ur drawer multiplied
 I thought u took stuff back
 But nope. I have soooo much of ur stuff still
 It's a sign
 Whaaaa
 I have a long sleeve shirt
 Ur boxers
 A billion Uconn shirts
 A few old navy shirts
 Oh lol that's where they all went
 And ur workout pants
 Shorts*
 Lmao oh that's where they all went. Acting like u didn't know. Pshhhh
 Cmon son
 I seriously thought I lost a lot of that stuff
 Sometimes I really wonder about u
 Like why'd u think u lost it? You have a whole nother closet-floor here baby
 Ur cute òò
 So I was watching house of cards and I was Iike oh I bored but the moment I thought that the next scene sucked me back in. And now I cant stop wont stop
 òÅñèè
 Oo
 Now I'm tired and in bed. Night night babers, I see u soon yay
 Goodnight hunnie
 òò
 ò
 òòòòòò
 
 Omg
 Saskia got assaulted last night
 What??
 And we're trying to figure out what happened. All we know is that she's been in hospital and police station all day, is going home soon
 Is she okay
 Holy shit
 She was taking the subway back at 2:30 am from manhattan to bumblefuck Brooklyn
 She fell asleep
 Woke up to a fucking hipster forcing himself in her mouth
 Shit
 She confronted him, he assisted her and busted her lip
 No idea where Ilya was, why she was alone that late, etc.
 I told her to go home get some sleep and then call me and I'll go over there ASAP.
 Yeah
 She also said not to tell anyone bc she's still processing it but Beata already told Greg so it's only a matter of time until I told u
 I won't tell anybody
 But yeah that's not an easy thing to go through
 But seriously, I'm silently raging all day. Where was Ilya? Why did he let her go home alone that late at night? What was she doing out?
 So she's hopped up on a ton of meds, gave her std and hiv drugs etc. the guy got away as far as I know.
 The police were really nice to her too so that was good
 Damn
 They don't have any cameras on the subway?
 They do but I guess he wore a hoodie?
 It was some freaking hipster too. RAAAAGE
 Sigh. And on top of this my moms being weird today. So all around stellar day. But my mom thing seems so trivial now
 Yeah serioualy
 I would make sure saskia has someone to help her through this stuff
 I already offered, and I told her to call me when she's awake
 That's good
 I'll tell Vaidu to reach out to her and give her the name of her therapist in case she wants to go that route
 That's good
 Does she have someone to spend time with her now?
 Idk. I offered and she said she just wanted to sleep, she'd been awake for about 30 hrs or so
 And said she just wanted to get some sleep
 So I'll give her a call later
 Sounds like a decent plan
 
 What is ur take on the ballet flat?
 Yay? Nay?
 Yea definitely
 They look nice
 Interesting
 Most men hate them
 Should we just break up since this situation isn't fair to either of u but esp not u and if it's going to be like this for the next four years what's the point really
 That is a really weird segway to make
 We should maybe not discuss it through text messaging I think
 Okay
 I just took a hot shower and came to the decision that the easiest thing is to just dump everyone and run away from my problems. So here I am, running away.
 You can't run away from your problems bro
 They're the only things you take with you when you run
 U can if u try hard enough
 Also on my way home from work yesterday a bird took a crap and it landed on my neck in between the back of my neck and my shirt and I had to walk to my car and drive home with bird shit all over my neck and shirt
 Oh noooo
 Isn't that supposed to be good luck tho
 It was probably the most disgusting thing that's happened to me in a while and I thought you would appreciate it
 If a bird craps on u
 Lmao
 I'm pretty sure it's intrinsically bad luck
 Like what are the odds of the poo landing right on the back of my neck
 Exactly. Very small odds. Aka YAY U WERE THE CHOSEN ONE
 Maybe the bird picked u from a distance
 Lol we see this situation very differently
 And flew above u while it's shit was a brewing
 U should have zig zagged
 I thought it had started to rain at first and I touched the back of my neck
 Ewwwww
 It was so nasty man
 Did u smell it
 I had to make it the whole way home without touching my left hand to anything
 Maybe
 I needed to know it wasn't just some kid throwing food
 Lmao
 /sigh
 I'm so messed up
 What would u be comfortable doing? Just staying tonight and leaving tomorrow? Or me standing up to my mom and having her leave?
 I'll support whatever you do hun
 I do feel more comfortable leaving on Sat but if you wanna have me stay that's okay too
 Also
 
 Ok if ur more comfortable leaving then you can leave
 I just hate this so much
 It's not fair to u at all
 U don't deserved this. Oooh hold on u reminded me
 https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4iwll4/are_are_you_a_human/
 So adorable
 I wanna hug the kitty
 I broke my caffeine hiatus today
 Got a baby Willoughby's coffee
 
 Tiny puppy
 Giant kitty
 
 Aww
 èèèèèè
 I'm gonna be wired AF dude
 I had a coffee at Sean's house two weeks ago and I was jityery
 Yay
 Yhay means it's working
 It's been about 12 days with no caffeine after that
 Yeah
 I figure I'm gonna have at least one boring meeting followed by a meeting where I have to do stuff
 Plus it's Thai food friday
 So I would otherwise be unconscious for that final meeting
 How could I forget
 It's actually the first legit Thai food Friday in a while
 I didn't have one last week
 Or the one before
 I can't wait to see u
 Aww
 Baby
 
 
 I want one pls
 One Maru coming up
 My butt hurts can u massage it for me
 Lol sure hunnie
 Yaaaay
 I just got to grand central
 
 Ur bed tonight
 Should be at your place in another 16
 Yaaaay come down
 YAYAYAYAYAY
 Lol sweet
 Also I packed ur towels
 And hand towels
 So we share a towel tomorrow
 But it's ok I lost my laptop too so it's been close calls all day
 Also big gay cheesecake flavor is on point 
 Lol
 Might have to grab some on the way down
 I dunno if they have thin mint shake
 But it doesn't hurt to ask right
 Well yeah but salty pimp with cheesecake sounds pretty good too
 I had American globs with cheesecake choco swirl
 Perfect w/ the pretzels
 Nice
 
 
 òèòèòÅ
 òò
 I'm so tired
 Oof
 ò
 Yah more like GOT and some bubbly
 Lol
 I put some laundry in too
 I'm adulting
 Where are the spare keys from Murray hill apt?
 I put them on the counter yesterday afternoon. I think wither you or Vaidu may have moved them though
 Sorry west village and yeah i found them
 Cool cool
 Hey Hunnies I hope you have a safe and fun trip
 I miss you bebbes
 òÅòÅòÅòÅ
 I miss u too
 I washed ur underwear today
 So u gots a lots of clean clothes at my place now
 òÅ
 I'm gonna call when I'm at the airport
 Aww thanks hunns
 So lately I've been craving white wine and bubbly
 Which is weird
 Bc I don't drink that stuff
 òì
 I dunno baby
 But you can indulge
 Lmao dude already 2 glasses ahead of u
 But it's good for u bc u like white moar
 So we can have shared interests now. Some wine, some bouldering.
 U know, dat summer life.
 Lol
 Sounds good to me
 
 Phone numbers baby
 Cool cool
 I'll keep them handy
 òÅ
 What are u gonna do when I come back and limber and skinny from my yoga and the sun? Huh?
 òèòè
 Lmaoooo
 Boarding
 We should bang against our windows but maybe Youd be distracted from a wave or boat or some shit
 Oo cool hunns
 Enjoy your trip
 Nvm it was the suites boarding first
 I'm a pleb
 I wait
 ò
 LMAOOOO
 #pleblife
 Ikr
 #notsquadgoals
 Lmao
 Someone sat down next to me
 Noooooo
 òòòò
 èèè
 IKR
 U get me bro
 Omg if u were here we'd be all cute n shit
 At least my phone charges
 At least my headphones work bro
 They have HBO here
 I should have waited to watch got
 Ooh they have good movies
 she moved
 I have two seats
 Yaassssss
 Oo wow lots of new developments
 Nice hunns
 Lmao
 You make me laugh
 More room to stretch and some good shows
 WIFI
 òÅòÅòÅòÅ
 Bitches
 Hi baby
 I'm in Frankfurt
 Hey booper
 I hope you're having a good flight
 I got to work super early.. Like 915
 Sooo eeeaaarly
 Anyway I miss you
 Lmao baby that's normal time
 I miss u too
 I bought the worlds greatest neck pillow
 Nice
 And I think I slept like 6 hours?
 Broken up
 But still. Now we taxi, I get my bag, exchange some cash and get to the hotel motel
 Oh cool cool
 I hope you have a good time babes
 Update me when you can okay?
 òò
 I wills
 I can call once I get to the hotel
 Prob around 8pm ur time
 Okie
 I might go lay down and then maybe get a nice massage at the spa before checking out Singapore. I'll see
 Oo
 Why don't u love me 
 
 I love face swapping u
 Why did it keep your teeth?
 Askin the important questions I see
 Because I smiled wider than ur smile in the pic
 Really makes it look like you're wearing my face like a mask
 How does that make u feel
 î
 Ur the best face swap a girl could ask for
 Lol babie
 Ur prob wondering why I'm so weird huh
 Well u chose this
 Lol I never have to wonder
 I just know that this is who u are
 Baby I was on my way to work and I saw a guy with a lawn mower downtown
 His mower was on
 He was mowing the oavement
 There is no grass within a quarter mile huns. He was just mowing along on the sidewalks and streets
 What is this city??
 Lmao
 Urban gardening bby
 Get with the program
 Lol urban gardening
 Mowing the grassphalt
 Lmao
 That was really good
 Grassphalt
 
 I screenshotted that joke to send to Vaidu
 It was really funny man
 I'm so proud
 Aww thanks hunns
 Hey hunnigans you're probably asleep but I had a couple things just so I don't forget. 1- my coworker wants to go to a Yankee game for his birthday on June 11, would you be interested in coming?  2- I think Alex might want to do a thing in either Vermont or Madison CT the first week of June. You'll prob be sleepy still but you are more than welcome to come. 3- I miss you òò
 Sure Huns the Yankee game sounds nice
 Vermont etc sounds cool too
 And òòòò
 
 Damn son
 
 
 My bed
 
 This is so worth the money. Half an hr after walking in I got a massage
 Did some yoga
 òç
 And I have bedside cookies
 Made without butter for me
 Goddamn
 I literally sat down
 They had me sign something w/ my passport number filled out on it
 And then they handed me the spa menu and asked what I wanted to get
 Cool dude
 My kinda life yo
 Pretty awesome
 I might get fat
 Whoops
 *munches on bedside cookies*
 Lols
 Also I want a mosquito net for my room. It's so cool
 Sleep time babers
 Night night
 I love U
 è
 Aww night babes
 Love you too
 Hi babers
 Just wanted to say hello
  miss u
 
 Hi hunnigans!
 Hope you're having a good time
 I miss you too
 òò
 òòòòò
 
 
 That's my day so far
 Jralous
 Jealous
 Awe
 I love u
 Shouldn't u be sleeping bro
 
 òò
 òòòòòò
 Hi hunnies
 Hi babers
 How are u? U at work?
 I'm good, I'm good
 I'm at work now
 I had 5 hours of meetings today but they all got rescheduled at the last minute
 Oh nos
 Or I guess yay?
 Yeah it's okay, they all just got moved to next Tuesday after memorial day
 Also I saw the cutest puppy while I was walking to lunch today but I couldn't stop and take a pic cos I was with my PM
 He was a baby chocolate poodle and was the exact size color and temperament of your stuffed bear
 Baby
 No
 
 I wants him
 Hi
 Hi babu
 
 How is your vacation going?
 I hope you're having a good time
 If you happen to be up at 9-10am your time, call me plz
 Can't talk now. What's up?
 Damnit. I wanted to say hi
 I'm on a call :/
 I'll call u tomorrow am at 9 I guess
 BOOOOOO fuck ur call
 I can call in a half hour if you're still arohnd
 I'm in the pool at night. How are u. A wee
 Babers*
 Oh it's late for u
 I'm good I'm good
 I'm kinda sad u didn't call me
 Dude I don't know if you even have wifi
 I tried calling you back on Sunday but none of the calls went thru
 I had wifi the whole time
 Yeah I'm on airplane mode
 Uh huh
 I whatsapp calls only pls
 I'll call u when ur at home I guess
 Hey huns are you up? Can I call?
 I am
 I yam in Ubud checking in now
 
 
 Gorgeous hotel
 
 Damn
 Dude it was 200$/night
 Shit is cheap here yo
 This is a great hotel room for sex btw. Makes me kinda sad I'm alone
 
 Lol
 òèòè
 I have a king bed but no one to kick off of it
 Kinda ruining the moment here
 Lolz
 Lolol
 I think my interview went well. Also,
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/JgFlX
 Oooh YAS
 Baby I'm gonna go catch me a monkey nows
 êµàêí
 êíêíêíêµ
 I want u here
 My legs hurt
 And need someone to carry me and keep me company
 Aww
 I moss you hunnies
 òòòòòò
 
 
 
 
 So cooool
 That's a really nice pic of you huns
 Yeah, thy were fucking adorable too
 Sank u
 I enjoyed the monkey forest way too much
 Definately worth the trip. Now we're going to a veggie restaurant
 Awesomesauce
 I tried getting u a monkey but he ran away. He was a pudgy little one too
 Lol you know that guy knows how to get food from tourists
 He was being really mean to the other monkeys
 He was a massive Asshole lol
 Lool
 That cheeky monkey
 I HAD THAI FOOD FRIDAYS
 
 BE JELLY BITCH
 I'm all checked in
 
 
 I thought you'd enjoy these pics
 Baby baaaaby bbaaaaaabby
 I yam boarding
 Äç†à
 òò
 òòòòòòòòò
 So I found out that parking is just as cheap as a train down. So we might want ur car
 I'll call u tonight when ur free for a minute k?
 Okay sure
 I'll probably be heading down tomorrow
 Also I need to work
 Yeah that's fine I'll just nap
 I need to read stuffs yoov
 And figure out my works
 Parking is 24$/24 hrs or 6$ for the day
 So if we need ur car u might as well

 Did u leave yet
 I made it home hunns
 Hope you have a good day tomorrow
 U left at what time 8?
 8:30?
 Also, if you happen to find my computer charger let me knos
 Just before 8
 Yeah I will
 That's great timing
 I can't find it here either
 Not bad yeah
 Ok I'll take a look
 Is it at work?
 Nah I was using it the morning I left
 So it's either there or here
 Ooh ok
 I'll check
 Baby I know you're probably at work already but I hope you have an amazing first day. Can't wait to hear all about it tonight òò
 Nope I'm running late
 òòòò
 You're cute. I love you
 ò
 Love you too hunns
 I just took a meeting while waiting for my bus
 Nice dude did u kill it
 Killed it bro
 YASSS
 Lol you are funny
 Good luck with that first day
 Ty
 Woah I'm on time
 
 This place is so cool
 Oo
 You should send some pics of the office
 
 Mah setup
 Pretty spiffy
 
 Oo
 Ohey looks like you're using slack too
 Yep
 It makes me giggle
 Dat mooradian industries chat
 Lmao right
 It's like ur here with me
 Except not
 Lols
 I'm sick again
 FYI
 You are quite the poet
 Damn man
 What's up with your immune system
 Just gonna finish my script from two weeks ago
 Also they have strong coffee here
 Like willoughbees strong
 I'll ask what type it is
 Cool beans
 I had one cup and am off the wall wired
 Yipes
 Cool beans indeed
 òèòè
 
 I'm going to burger and lobster as my first day meal
 òÅòÅ
 i can get the raybans you want for like 45% off
 did u finish ur stuff from last night?
 Hi babers I just got out call me when ur free after ur dinner thang
 Hey booper I just got out of the dinner
 I'm here I'm here
 I'm going back to the office to work but you can call me whenevs
 
 hi hi- i just found out that theres only like 15 units of that malm in stock. so i think ill just order it online
 easier if i have to pay for shipping anyways u know
 Aw okie hunnies
 Whatever works for you
 Also I'm in a post office because and all I can think of is Josh whispering "stamps.com"
 Lolol
 Stamps.com
 òò
 
 òòòòòòò
 I found out the post office has a self service machine for buying stamps and other postage
 I can get them here at Duane reade
 No need to post office
 Lol yeah
 The pharmacy downtown doesn't sell them for some reason
 No clue why, but the post office is the only place I can get them near work
 I usually prefer CVS because then I could get some skittles with them
 I don't understand ur love for skittles
 Umm you can taste the rainbow?
 Idk I don't get them often so i guess I haven't gotten tired of them
 ive tasted the rainbow
 its that that good baby
 its not*
 also i dont understand eating solid food w/ spoons
 why? how?
 ?
 What do you mean
 Cereal is solid
 this girl (auditor) is eating rice bowl w/ a spoon
 does not compute
 You can eat rice with a spoon bro
 ITS NOT RIGHT
 ITS NOT NORMAL
 *rips hair out and goes crazy*
 Heading home now
 Sent out the report a few minutes ago
 Yay baby I'm so proud of you
 You're gonna get this and then you'll have so many choices to make. I love you :)
 Took forever to make things look pretty and to get that nice looking box plot, but I gotta be classy
 Aww I love you too hunns
 Dat box plot òèòè
 ò
 Zo zexy
 Lmao
 Are u proud of it
 
 I mean it's pretty snazzy
 Lool
 There's a golden lab waking in manhattan without a leash
 U know dem rules
 Lol you should take him in as ur own
 what are the rules about showing up to work w/ a dog thats not yours again
 ps it was walking around on 17th ave.
 17th street*
 Lolz
 Idk I think he becomes temporary office dog
 and it stopped to pee
 and i was like hmm theres no leash
 and it just continued walking after it peed against a building
 and everyone else was acting like that was normal
 i needed you here!
 Lol the dog is a true new youler
 Yorker
 lolol
 Barker
 oh you
 oh there are 71 new emojis coming out.
 è
 Lol
 Multiple poop emojis, I hope
 lmao
 all 71
 you would make this world a very interesting place to live
 I sure would
 I do
 Do
 i want to go shopping
 i have no clothes. and i want new shoos.
 oh vaidu told me that toms came out with a new mens style shoo
 which is the one u want w/ the thick white sole
 so u might as well just kill two birds w/ one stone w/ that
 Ooo
 Oh I work right next to the sperrys store too
 Like, the door next door is my door
 Noice
 Good neighbor discount
 lol
 im having a killer salad right now.
 so good
 Me too
 
 lmao baby
 whats that
 thai food friday?
 ooh mine tastes like pad thai curry
 No it's a salad
 IM DOING THAI FOOD FRIDAY TOO
 WATCH OUT WORLD
 oh you
 Drunken noodle salad with grilled chicken salad and sweet basil chicken salad
 ah the common drunken noodle vegetable
 There was a pepper in there but I ate it
 lol
 u make me crack up
 ò
 glad ur eating salad bro
 good for the abs and soul
 u know
 i just ate two hershey kisses and now have a meeting w/ ceo. im prob gonna have choc all over my teeth bc thats just how i do. *swishes water*
 Lol
 hes gonna be like who hired this fool
 He did. He hired this fool
 thanks.
 thanks for the support.
 òê
 Haha it's clearly support
 He knows he made the right decision
 Boob slip and all
 lolol
 my boob would slip out.
 Huns what do you think of these
 http://www.toms.com/men/navy-textured-textile-mens-avalon-slip-ons
 Love
 And it's not grey
 Yay
 Lolol
 They have grey ones too
 But I like these better
 *takes ur temp*
 Www.toms.com/men/navy-textured-textile-mens-avalon-slip-ons
 http://www.toms.com/men/charcoal-brushed-nylon-mens-avalon-slip-ons
 Take a look bro
 They look flimsier
 Ooh I like
 But yes
 Flimsier
 I kinda like them more tho
 Hmm
 Looool really?
 The one time I pick something else over grey
 Lmao yes
 Pick what u want
 I support u
 ññè
 Lol
 Maybe
 Not if it's ugly
 Lmao
 You can see it right now
 
 
 èàèèàèèè?
 òê
 òòò
 í¶í¶
 ?
 .....??
 Oh you
 Lmao
 You love me right
 Lol of course hunns
 Shreveport
 Sure****
 Shreveport, Shreveport
 I hate you
 Love you babers
 Go to hell
 ò
 
 òê
 òòòòê
 òò
 òê
 òò
 òò
 òòê
 Can't wait for the 71 pop emojis
 Poop*
 So excited
 I hate u
 ò
 
 Baby
 òò£
 ò±
 I ordered a Neti pot
 If I drown I love u
 Plz don't die
 Lol
 U love me! U really love me!
 Of course I do hunnigans
 So uhh I'm on my way to a leetle bar called torst
 Lol
 òÅòÅ
 This place is so different dude
 
 Looks the same
 But is much more crowded and noisier
 And super loud music
 A lot is brewed at two roads
 
 Yeah
 We should go
 Next time you're up
 Yay
 This weekend?
 Did u buy ur shoos
 Not yet not yet
 I hear there's a pretty cool shoe shop near you
 lol
 i just bought jeans that fit (yay!)
 face wash bc we ran out
 and some stuff for dinner
 So I think we can take a later flight down
 Check in isn't until 3pm
 So we should grab the 1:50 flight
 No sense in getting there that far before check-in
 also i havent had a chance to get any furniture
 so idk whats going on
 hey babers
 sounded like you were busy yest. i hope you have a good week
 and i cant wait to see you soon
 Hey huns I'm sorry I was so short yesterday
 I was getting frustrated from working the other day and I ended up getting on the phone with George just before you called
 I'm excited to see you hunnigans
 Also I would recommend looking directly on chase.com if you can for flights
 United is not the fanciest airline but I found a round-trip for 44k points or $550 or some combo of the two
 Apparently chase has the highest ROR on united and Southwest
 It's UA1586 out and UA1587 back
 That's what I was doing, was directly on chase last night
 I see
 It's fine, I'd rather you just tell me next time you're busy and that nows not a good time instead of just dealing with me and being short.
 And on my part i can begin each call with "is now a good time to chat" if that would help as well
 I don't care what flight we take as long as checked luggage is free
 We check in at 3 so I think it makes the most sense to land around then so we can get to the resort after 3
 And since its sat to sat when we come back doesn't matter, our apt is open for both u and Emily until Sunday in case we get in late and you'd like to just travel back up on Sunday
 Also that was the round trip deal I was getting with JetBlue on chase
 Hi I need advice for like 2 quick seconds
 What's a good cut of beef to get for stir fries
 Skirt steak is good
 London broil if you're trying to save money
 Everything here is super cheap
 I saw chicken on managers Special for 80 cents a lb
 The whole package for 2 bucks
 The whole thing will be low enough cost
 So ill try skirt
 Ty
 And how long do I cook it for
 Recommend browning a couple mins per side then on med high for 10ish min with veggies
 Double check a stir fry recipe to make sure tho
 One I saw says filet
 You gotta cut it into strips
 Yeah
 I see some precut
 That's pretty easy
 What's chuck filet
 It's like a London broil level of cut
 You can use it for stir fry
 It's not super high quality but it's decent enough
 I just grabbed skirt like u said Ty babers
 Np hunns
 And Montreal steak seasoning?
 I like it
 It might be a bit much for a stir fry but you can get away with using some
 Just don't go crazy with it
 it turned out amazing
 i ended up grabbing spicy montreal steak seasoning and it was perfection
 so thank you :)
 what do you have going on for the rest of the week?
 do u think we can chat either tonight or tomorrow night?
  good luck on that server issue today Huns. Hope it's good news
 Thanks huns, me too
 OMFG SOMEONE BOIGHT THEIR DOG IN
 Lolwat
 THERES A GERMAN SHEPARD CASUALLY STROLLING UNDER THE DESKS
 Pics?
 OMG BABY
 also there's a data analyst position open at orchard
 Lolol
 Should I apply bro
 I'll try to get the most non creepy pic
 I'd say apply thru me
 Bc I get $$$$
 If u do
 I mean I'd def refer you lol
 http://www.orchardplatform.com/company/careers/
 Check it out
 
 Don't mind me I'm just walking by
 
 
 Walking under some desks
 Like a champ
 Just being a dog
 Doing dog stuff
 Thinking dog thoughts
 We can't play ping pong today tho
 òì
 The struggle is real
 Oh no so sad
 Have I told u how much I love this place
 Yet
 Not yet
 Puppppppy it's like I have a free puppppppy
 Lol
 That dog is also only 11 months
 Bacon pockets babe
 You know this
 Lmao
 I didn't know. The CEO isn't here so it's not his pup
 I didn't think Chico was gonna visit bro
 Oh but I have no pockets today
 Bacon stuffed bra?
 Nah that's just inviting trouble
 Looool
 She's back yay
 Lol just one hand on the mouse and the other for pets
 She lost her tennis ball
 
 Lol so sounds like you're just gonna hang out with the office dog today
 This isn't even the office dog! This is great!
 
 Pondering what to do with the ball
 She ended up picking it up
 
 Phew
 Was on the edge of my seat
 Lmao
 Shouldn't u be working mister?
 òò
 I miss u
 òò
 I am I am
 
 I'm hungry tho
 U know what day it is
 And I have a trc in a couple of hours
 Plz this is the one good thing about my week
 What's a trc
 Course I know what day it is
 Technical review committee
 Big review meeting for projects
 Ooh
 Hope it's good news bro
 It'll be good
 I'll get a bunch of praise and most of the questions will be the reviewers trying to follow how I fixed everything
 I'm kind of a big deal
 Lmao
 I miss u
 It's not fair u work with incompetent ppl
 I miss you too hunns
 I don't work with incompetent people per se
 It's just that 80% of our competent modelers have left over the past few years
 We've got a crop of newbies
 U keep defending these idiots
 I'm just sad, sorry
 I know I know
 I honestly can't say much bad about this specific project team tho
 I'm working with probably the best PM in the company
 Our project director is really good too, although he has no sense of what's practical vs what we could do if we had unlimited money and time
 that doesnt sound like hes good then
 im going to stop talking now
 He's not a business guy
 It's weird
 He's like the tolling guy tho
 òò
 *boops*
 Oh also, I've been listening to the back catalog of sysk on their homepage, and a good amount of the episodes have transcripts with little pictures of Josh and chuck to tell you who's speaking
 It's pretty funny reading through and seeing just how clumsy the dialogue sounds in written form
 Highly recommended
 ill take a look
 
 hows it goin
 It's going
 There are like 4 people asking me for stuff at once man
 I'm tired and I think I'll take a nao
 Nap
 ill send the pup over to u soon
 so u can have a pillow
 Nice
 BRO
 BRO
 FOR YOUR SPERRYS
 https://www.amazon.com/Galiva-Cotton-Lightweight-Liner-Socks/dp/B01943KB52/ref=sr_1_165?s=boost&srs=12034488011&ie=UTF8&qid=1465588477&sr=1-165
 !!!!!
 
 Daaawwwww
 I want one but Jesus she is so high energy
 I bet
 There are some dog breeds that you really need to match their level of energy in your lifestyle
 She's just chilling now walking around and squeaking her squeaky toy. She has no traction so she's just running into walls
 It's pretty amusing
 Lol
 
 Feisty Aru is here
 Whatcha doooooin
 Hi feisty aru
 I'm working
 Hi working I'm Jim 
 
 Are u gonna work all weekends
 Or can I come up
 Ahahah
 All weekend man
 I hate ur workplace
 Idk how I'm gonna get all this stuff done
 I want u to quit and come be a bum on my

 Lolol
 I don't think that pays very well
 It pays in sex we actually have
 Ugh don't even talk to me about sex man
 Lmaooo
 Baby I need to see u soon
 I'm gonna be workig
 This isn't ok
 This sucks
 I won't even have ac if I work in the office
 Go home and work there dude
 This is not ok
 Well I have it now
 But not if I come here on Sat or sun
 Yeah then work at home or a coffee shop
 Don't put urself they that
 Thru*
 I prob will
 It's just faster to do what I need to do from the office
 Cos I'm on internal network instead of interwebs
 I had a sex dream where you were in it but U weren't u. It was really odd I was confused. And we. Didn't have sex but it was really weird
 I don't even know
 Hmm
 Oh I get that I guess. U need a new job
 Not for lack of trying man
 I think I have job aids or something
 If u want to apply to orchard lemme know. I've never been happier, I'd stay here instead of going to business schools. it's amazing
 Nobody wants me
 Don't be discouraged you are amazing
 And I'm not stupid i can't be the only one who sees this
 Idk
 Maybe start having a career counselor and paying for those services? Idk
 
 Let's not have this conversation now
 This is just my life
 Okay
 I can't do this bro. I can't just text u wishing I was there or u were where. I love u but I want to love u in person.
 At this point u could becatfishing me
 Bro are u fat old middle aged dude from

 HOW DO I KNOW
 JIMMY DONT PUDGE
 ò†
 LMAOOOO
 Sorry I'm tipsy and sad
 I have lovely abs
 I know huns
 I love u and all 8 of ur abs
 I'm not exactly thrilled over here
 I know
 I shouldn't be saying this
 I legit have to fit in 22 more hours of work by monday
 I'm tired
 Can I come up anyways
 You can come up if you want
 It's not gonna be fun for you tho
 If you're being selfish, do u want me there
 I mean yes but
 Then I'll come
 You might distract me too much bro
 Ps next Sunday is Father's Day
 Can u take a long weekend the weekend after that?
 The 24th
 I'd I'm not going to see u until then then we're going away
 If* I'm
 I probably can
 Ok:
 Then let's do that
 I think we need it
 Oh shit we can't it's saumils bday
 Oh maybe we can just get a hotel here? Or take from off?
 Them*
 And just chill here?
 Sat night is saumils all u can eat sushi thing
 Oh didn't even kmoe
 Ur in the email
 Lol
 I thought that was for six flax back in early June
 No
 This is his bday
 All you can eat snushi
 It's allu can drink too
 But let's be real none of us care about that
 Dude I'm not on that email chain
 What james Mooradian did Saumil invite
 Did he invite the other james Mooradian?
 Idk
 Saumil specifically told me to tell u
 And I thought I saw ur name on the invite
 Sorry I just sent it to u
 Helooo?
 Thank you for calling babe. I feel a lot better
 ò
 òò
 òòòò
 
 ò
 I love you
 I love you too
 I love you hunns
 Lmao
 
 Hi hunns
 How was your night
 It was okay
 How was yours
 Also okay
 Yeah I didn't sleep well
 Are we still on for tonight or no?
 Yeah, still on
 Yaaaay
 I'm taking apart my bed and putting together furniture now
 òì
 Hi Huns I'm on the 5:34
 So gonna get there at 7:34
 7:30****
 Okay
 I am starving
 :(
 I found a bar thingie
 Yay no hanger
 Yayay
 I'm here I'm here I'm here
 O wow that's fast
 I'll skip the wine then
 I'm standing outside
 I'm back home
 The next train is definitely coming, right?
 I'm on it
 
 Awesome
 Have a good trip back hunnies
 I miss youòò
 òèòèòò
 I miss u too
 òèòè
 í¶
 òò
 
 
 I'm ready for round 2 now pls.
 Also, my sammich filled me up but it was only half a sammich and now I'm sad I can't eat more.
 òì
 Holy shit man
 JetBlue scared the shit out of me
 ?? What
 They just sent a confirmation saying my flight just left
 I had to go triple check my itinerary to make sure I didn't fuck up
 Idk why they sent the notification
 Okay so
 Highly recommend that cold brew
 It's really tasty
 Also I had 1/3 cup and I'm buzzing my ass off
 Ooh
 Did u dilute it
 No
 Lmao baby
 But I figured 1/3 cup was small enough
 Can u link me to the cold brew maker pls?
 I mean c'mon man its 2.67 ounces
 Sure
 Lmao it's a shot!
 https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0095ZBJT2/ref=yo_ii_img?ie=UTF8&psc=1
 Thats the one I got
 You can really make it in any large container
 But this one worked really well
 Ty babers
 Np
 Enjoy hunns
 There's a new person sitting next to me
 ^autocotrect wanted me to change the word sitting to the word dying
 Silly autocorrect
 Lool
 When's ur flight today
 Well technically that is correct
 Oh hold on I'll forward the itinerary
 It leaves from Boston at 830ish
 So I gotta probably be on the road by about 330 to be safe
 Okay cool
 Have a good day at work
  and a safe flight
 I miss you
 Aww
 I miss you hunnies
 òÅòÅ
 I'm having some toast
 Nice
 I'm still sipping very slowly on my cold brew
 Hey babe lets just skip saumils party
 And go away somewhere
 
 Ta da
 
 Goddamn
 Thats a nice looking tv
 Might be too big
 Whoops
 Haha I was gonna say it looks too small
 Mostly in jest but still
 My kinda man
 òèòèòò
 ò
 òòòòòòòòò
 You must be pumped for game of thrones
 Oh so I'm making a Samsung account
 Meaning I can sign in to ur tv with mine
 And if u have a smart tv u get HBO on it
 Oo
 And all my crap
 Fo free
 I don't have a smart TV but that sounds pretty cool
 Well free.99
 :(
 Lol free99
 Oh and I made pasta for dinner
 With tuuuuna
 Meow
 Orange taabby
 He was gonna be my bro
 Or she
 Aw
 Babers u should get one
 Where are u texting me from
 The gate
 Oooh
 Safe flight babers
 Just walked on the plane now
 ò
 I miss you
 Thanks hunnies
 
 Have a good flight
 Miss you too
 I'll talk to u later. I'll be here eating my tuna pasta
 Nice
 I think I'm gonna nap on the plane
 hulloooo
 are you aliveeee
 no? ok. FREE GINGER TABBY CAT FOR MEEEEE
 Looool
 Hi honeys
 Just got back from a pre presentation meeting with my pm
 I got into the hotel at like 1145 last night
 I was tired dude
 Aww
 I used Tongs to stir my pasta and now the palm of my hand is bruised
 Why are you so fragile babers
 Lmao
 I needs a mans man to flip my spaghetti òèòè
 Lol baby
 I'll flip your spaghetti real nice
 Look
 Just don't break the strands
 Also that pasta was amazing
 Spaghetti, a whole packet of arugula, salt, the crack Cajun seasoning, cherry tomatoes, snap peas
 And topped with a packet of chuna per person
 I'm on my way hooome hunny
 Hope your week has been going well
 Also that pasta sounds delicious
 
 I miss u
 òò
 When's ur flight back
 Nao
 Pls wfh tmmr
 They just told us to turn of cells and shit
 How was ur trip
 It was good
 Okie SAFE FLIGHT
 I'm tired
 Thanks hunnigans
 òòò
 ò
 
 I'm a kitty cat yeah I'm a kitty cat and I meow meow meow and I meow meow meow
 Which one u pick?
 Lol oh hai
 I like the one on the left
 Looks all feisty
 I like the black one and the grey and white one that looks like he's judging you
 I want one
 Daww
 How are u feeling?
 Tired?
 Yeah man
 Aww
 I got home at 1230ish
 Prob fell asleep at 130ish
 Oh no
 You gonna stay in and just crunch out work in the comfort of your fuzzy pants ?
 Sidenote: I want fuzzy pants.
 Lol they're pretty great
 Sidenote to sidenote: i work across said fuzzy pants store AND next to the bonobos.
 But no I gotta go to work
 Aw :(
 COFFEE
 Two sips gonna get u wiiired
 I drank a half a cup of the cold brew before I left
 I worked out this am and I can't walk straight
 Today was legs day and I only could get they half
 So I gotta finish it up tonight
 Although idk what's going on with the buses today because I've legit been out for a half hour waiting
 Yo
 Lol
 One leg
 Youber
 Lol smart as
 Smartass*
 The bus just showed up as I was typing one leg
 Maagic ®
 It was also 15 minutes late so
 Whatevs
 i have a full cup of coffee and barely any fine motor skills to help me get through the day
 Haha
 I hear you bro
 I need to work out after work somehow
 awe
 go for a quick run?
 and then just catnap
 into catsleep
 Lol no
 Silly babe
 I must work until midnight again
 i hate your job , but i hope you find a way to work out
 I will, one way or another
 i just want my man to get his sleeps and foods and cuddles
 I'll probably just leave the office at like 5-6 to work out
 Then come back
 òò
 òò
 i need to find a way to finish my workout, and i think i have to work late (my late, not your late)
 Lolol
 So like 8pmish?
 You can always work out at your apartment gym
 I mean I'm gonna do that
 But walking straight is a struggle
 Just go straight there when you get back, don't even sit down in your apartment when you get home
 Lolz
 So finishing leg day will be hard
 It sounds like you got a full workout in
 Lmao *works out in jeans*
 Dude it was like half of it
 
 I can't work out in that
 Ps look how skinny I look
 Lol
 You look great hunns
 I'm losing my jello butt
 Into a secretary ass tho :/
 òèòè
 Lolol
 Baby
 There's a company called karhoo
 Which is trying to displace uber
 In the uk
 They just got their last round of funding
 And will be our neighbors in our new building
 Kinda sorta up your alley
 So give it a look
 The pelligrino 50 best restaurants list came out
 For 2016
 And EMP is now #3
 Yay!
 There's a new one from NYC tho
 Near my old apt
 And one in Brooklyn
 I see
 Brooklyn fare one is what I reeeaaaallly wanna do it's super cool BUT of course a reservation now is for like 2017
 Osteria Francescana is #1
 Bucket list
 http://i.imgur.com/zgcP4nC.gif
 Lmao
 Imagine my farts
 If I did that
 Would I date me if I was on a cheese only diet
 Knowing I can't digest it
 Or nah
 îò
 
 Lmao
 Why don't u love me
 If u look at our chat history
 I look like a stalker
 I'm always texting u
 Paragraphs
 And ur just like
 Mmmmk *pastes a meme*
 
 Lmao that picture fucking hilarious I hate you
 
 My buddy's back
 I was a block away from work and realized I forgot my laptop
 So I'm walking. Home to get it
 I hate my life
 Awww
 Fuck me pls
 FMLLLL
 He looks like he's on a mission òæòæòò
 Lol I would like to
 But yeah he was completely unfazed by my presence
 òòòòêà
 Send me a pic of u pls
 
 Waiting for the bus
 Fucking taking forever
 Been out here 20 minutes now
 These fucking buses I swear
 Ruining my day
 Baby not like that
 Hold it at ur eye level
 Like so
 
 
 Better?
 Lmao now smile òò
 Lol maybe later
 Aww
 How long have u been waiting for the bus
 Im all grumpy cos my bus didn't come and I'm late for a bunch of stuff
 It's gonna be alright
 Since 945
 I'm in an uber now
 U need to have a 15 minutes or youber rule
 It's an escalade
 I'm grumpy too
 Pretty nice
 BALLER
 Yeah man it pulled up like a govt car
 Lolol
 I'm not gonna be able to get shit done today though
 I have a call at 1030
 And I have a training thing at 11
 Me too
 And I needed to prep for both
 Yup
 I feel u bro
 it sucks yo
 I get u
 
 The carrot on the wall understands
 Lol how did I miss this
 Idk I was so proud of it too
 I guess u don't care what I has to say
 
 Baaby
 I care I care
 I just got out of three hours of meetings
 Lolol
 Got emails during my second one asking about stuff
 I legit had to leave my Skype on and sneak out to get food
 So tired of dealing with this
 Whatcha get
 I'm just getting some food from the Mexican food cart outside
 Probably a quesadilla with some beans and rice
 So hungry man
 So many carbs bro
 Get that energy
 
 Why are u so depressed looking
 Do u need a cat?
 I likes it babers
 Lol I have a tension headache
 Oh noes
 I'm at work still
 I had to leave the office because reading hurt my brain
 But i has wine
 I gotta go back but I needed a break
 Lol wine is nice
 Aw
 òòòòò
 òòòòòòêà
 
 Ok fine we look alike
 ILL ADMIT IT
 Nah
 Way different snout and ear coloration
 Lolol
 Which one would u want to keeps
 ????
 You obvs
 Dalmations are meh anywYs
 Lol aww
 I want to snuggle with u rn. And steal ur blanket bc I spilled water on mine and it's wet ^_^
 Lolol
 òòòò
 ò
 dude
 dude
 dude
 another cute dog at work
 :D
 
 
 Aaaaaaaaa
 So adorable
 he sat in my lap in a meeting
 òç
 Daww
 Take him home
 hes my buddy. we're cool
 lmao
 IKR
 hes a havanease shitzu mix
 i want
 I mean ya
 We're so close to being done babers
 So close
 I'm just waiting for any last minute fixes
 And then the nightmare ends, for now
 yay
 oh so i wantedt o ask u
 weekend after july 4th
 july 10th i have to be at home
 Hey did we get new emojus
 whih is sunday
 yes bro
 i told u about this
 I don't recognize this oneããã
 that fri there is a lobster festival w/ food and beer and crap a few blocks from us here
 u want to explore?
 and then we can take the train up together and we'll get off at south norwalk
 on sunday am
 oo
 That sounds cool
 I would do it
 its legit 2 blocks from us
 Interesting
 https://www.facebook.com/events/1132376710158310/
 food dranks and live music
 My shoos came today :D
 I didn't have time to try them on but I'm gonna check them out when I get home
 Which one? I didn't realize u ordered them
 The blue Tom's
 Nice bro
 
 U know it
 check my snapchat story bro
 this pup loves me
 Woop wooop
 My memo got sent out
 I'm done with this crazy shit for jow
 Now
 YAS
 GO GRAB A BEER BRO
 DO IT DOIT
 I'm about to bri
 Left work about 5 mins afo
 Omg pls save me
 Vaidu walks in and makes a face and offends my mom
 And my mom is being a drama queen and Vaidu is being a dramatic bitch
 Yikes
 Come hang with me instead?
 Lolol
 
 I'm drunk off of good cheap food and ice cream that tastes like sprinkles
 òòpls
 Awwww I missed this
 òòòòòòò
 But you got me now so it's good
 ò
 ò
 Hey babers
 U wanna go back to spa castle next sat? Or nah?
 Hi honeys
 I could do spa castle
 Sat night is saumils snushi
 Yeah
 And then Sunday is whatever we want: Beata is going to six flags and gave us the invite
 But that's up to us, we can just chill here too
 Yay Okies
 òÅòÅ
 Vaidu got sun poisoning and I have a headache
 Sojnds like you could use some time out of the sun
 Just relax and shit
 YAS
 I FOUNDS THE BEST HAPPY HOUR OYSTER PLACE I WANT TO BEING YOU HERE
 Awesome Hunnies that sounds really fun
 Also they have a seafood tower which might or might not casually appear at our table
 Lol
 But dollAr oysters and they won a Michelin stars for their bar menu
 And dranks
 Hi
 Hey
 how is your day?
 It's been good, just spent some time on the phone with my parents
 Now I'm Hungary
 Ooh nice
 What are u eating?
 My parents left this am, we layed out for a bit and now we're off to the grocery store
 
 All that was missing was u
 And probs better wine glasses lmao
 Aww Hunnies
 You look like you're having. A great time
 I just ended up ordering some five guys
 I've really been craving a burger this wknd
 
 Baby pineapples
 Aww
 You should grow then into adult pineapples
 Lmao
 Idk if that's how it wooooork
 Wooooorks*
 BABY
 Did you watch game of thrones?
 No
 HBO now is a piece of shit
 And didn't work for us
 Did u?
 Yeah
 But I watched it on project free tv
 Hatechu
 The HBO thing wasn't working for me the past couple weeks
 Dude do yourself a favor and watch it ASAP
 The internet will not contain these spillers for long
 Yeah tonight bro
 Ur coming down this weekend right
 Yeo
 Yep*
 Yays!
 I can't wait for cuddles
 ò
 òò
 I might be able to do a Monday wfh next week
 Let me k ow if you want me to stick around
 OOOOH
 YAS THAT WOULD BE FANTASTIC OMG
 ò
 òòòò
 Daww
 òòòêà
 lol
 :)
 ps were gonna go shopping on sunday
 i need more clothes that fit. i have nothing. gotta get some more tshirts etc
 Okie
 I gotta return my toms
 They are too big
 Is there a physical Tom's store in NYC anywhere?
 no clue
 you might find toms at bloomies or some dept store
 but i think thats the extent of it.
 ohw ait
 there is
 in nolita
 u awnna go?
 I might
 I think it's easy to return Tom's by mail too
 But I'll have to see if I got time
 BRO - http://www.saksfifthavenue.com/main/ProductDetail.jsp?FOLDER%3C%3Efolder_id=2534374306418205&PRODUCT%3C%3Eprd_id=845524446926950&R=93641973970&P_name=Vince&N=306418205+1553&bmUID=llJAU61
 escept all sold out :(
 Lol but suede ò
 What do u think of this outfit
 Pretend it fits
 
 òèòè
 Lmao these are button up shorts
 Good luck
 Haha
 Every short is button fly nowadays
 That +this is a body suit
 + a bra
 I do not understand the trend
 One drink and sex is off the table lmao
 
 I can't even button them up
 òì my thumbs hurt
 Lols
 Imagine peeing at a crowded venue
 And having to button them up while drunk
 Lookit I peed my pants
 I'm buying three pairs what is wrong with me
 Lolz if they fit good and look good
 Then by all means
 They do but man ur gonna have to unbutton for me
 Hahaha
 Nice
 baby our sofa came in
 and it was the wrong thing
 only half of it came in (like, id have to order the sectional part seperately)
 they had specifically told us the piece we got was the whole sofa, not just one part of it....on the phone with them now
 so shes like oh i can give you a discount.
 .....i thought this was the entire thing, bitch.
 YOU TOLD ME IT WAS THE ENTIRE THING
 Shit
 I hope you get that sectional for free
 That's bait and switch
 I would just tell them to take it all back if they're not gonna do it
 we have the pickup delivery tomorrow
 from 5-7
 Ah
 so now what
 -____-
 We need to exchange our tv
 òì
 It just broke (it has a line in it)
 Can u help
 Jeez
 I can bring my car down if you want
 So you can return
 We're gonna call Best Buy and see what's easiest
 I hate my life
 Damn that's bad luck there
 You'll get it all sorted out soon
 Ugh
 It's a blue line in the screen
 :/
 Defective unit
 They'll replace it I'm sure
 Still sucks
 I just came across the most blatant bs job advert this morning
 
 Look at the requirements and then look at the comp
 lol 20-30k
 FUUUUUCK THAT
 Yeah
 These guys are fucking crazy
 lol
 they dont have the funds bro
 maybe its part time
 who knows
 dont apply
 2-5 years of applied machine learning too
 Dude that's a 150k salary job easy
 Youd have to work 5 hours a week to justify 20k
 i just ordered sandals!
 :D
 that is odd. huh.
 Woo sandals
 What kinds
 Oh no it's a full time job
 these
 https://www.instagram.com/p/BGKrshzIh9b/
 Kewl
 why does my life suck so bad babers
 i just want strappy sandals in black (gladiator ones) and light grey sneaks
 http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Holland-Tunnel-Arrest-Weapon-Ammon-Ballistic-Vests-Terrorism-Investigation-New-York-383805691.html
 Lol baby you are like, mildly inconvenienced at worst
 I HATE YOU
 D:
 i took the goddamn day off to just deal w/ bullshit
 ugh
 Sorry man
 You aren't able to work from home?
 I am but I've been doing other shit to take care of this crap
 So i haven't gotten as much done as needed
 also vitamixes are on saleeeeee
 Ooo wee
 How much
 well 150 off and then if its your first order another 15% on top of it
 http://www.williams-sonoma.com/products/vitamix-s55-personal-blender/?pkey=celectrics-vitamix%7Celectrics-vitamix-promo&&celectrics-vitamix|electrics-vitamix-promo
 Do do do
 
 mah outfiiiiits. with mah new jeans
 Loookin good hunns
 the scale said i gained weight
 :(
 The same scale that said I gained weight after a large poo?
 no
 we bought new ones
 I have yet to perform the poo test on them so I can't attest to the accuracy of your new scale
 Speaking of, the scale at the fitness room tells me I'm heavier than 200 pounds but also lighter than 200 pounds
 It's one of those slidy scales
 I'm >150+50 and <200
 Go figure
 did u call me
 
 Also I apparently don't digest quinoa
 did it just come out whole?
 bc you might have to chew your food lol
 under armour is having their end of the season sale if you perchance needed workout or lounging gear
 Hmm
 I think I'm okay
 Bonobos is having a sale tho
 I might get some more pants
 i gots an email
 lol im just spreading the woooord
 oh
 i work across the street
 want me to check it out?
 Lol you don't buy stuff at the bonobos store
 yeah but i an go check out stuffff
 duh
 uh duh
 you should get some then
 if their pants fit you well
 get a pair of chinos too
 so its semi cas
 and something else to wear on weekends which arnt jeans
 when u have to semi dress up (for dinners out and stuff)
 baberz
 look at this name
 https://bonobos.com/products/national-panthems?color=red%20white%20and%20blue&pant-fit=straight&pant-length=36
 Looool
 they are kind of epic....
 also i like some of the shorts from there too
 
 Theres this Japanese sushi place near me
 Look at the protein to rice ratio
 Dam√± son
 That's a lot of fish
 Ikr
 What color chinos would you recommend buying?
 If you have a blue one that would work well w/ lighter shirts
 A khaki would go well w/ darker or more colorful shirts
 I know I don't like khakis but they would match
 Yeah I'm avoiding khakis cos I know you don't like them
 Aw that's nice of u
 But it might match in this case
 A light grey would work similarly
 They don't have blue
 They have jet blue in my size
 Pic?
 Sapphire is sold out
 https://bonobos.com/products/stretch-washed-chino?color=jet%20blues&pant-fit=slim&pant-length=32&pant-waist=35
 They have super light blue chinos too
 Lemme see?
 I like those
 https://bonobos.com/products/summer-weight-chinos?color=wisteria
 https://bonobos.com/products/summer-weight-chinos?color=navy&pant-fit=slim&pant-length=32&pant-waist=35
 These are darker blue summer weight
 Summer weight or linen would be good
 Keeps u cool
 Ya
 Do you like the light blue or navy tho
 i like both. idk how bright the light blue is in person
 but it hink you can pull both off.
 u just need ur summer shoos
 a nice cognac/caramel/brown colored boat shoe would be legit as well
 i think you'd get the most use out of the darker neutral tho
 I ended up getting 2 work pants and the Navy summer chinos
 (and ur toms would work as well)
 nice
 Only one item was on sale but it's w/e
 well u need it, cant really be helped
 and its not like any other pants fit u
 I was gonna get pants anyway
 *thumbs up*
 
 i was thinking of you the other day, and laughed bc i was like hmmm i should take u boxer breifs shopping. òùòù
 Lol
 I'm at an event babers
 Call u later
 Okay
 Baby I made a mistake with those stuffed pepps
 They sustain me for approximately one hour
 Did i interrupt something
 No
 :/ okay
 i has coupon for spa castle for us
 this weekend
 Oo nice
 My pants came my pants came
 ñññ
 Theyre tighter than the other ones I've tried on but I think they're okay
 Can u bring the down pls
 And can u return in store?
 I think I can, I'm not sure though
 
 These are the chinos
 Clean ur room lol
 I had a feeling you would say that
 I think u need other shoes with them tho
 Boaty mcboatface shoes
 The look good. Are they comfy?
 I gots new shoes
 
 The shoes are super comfy
 Just a bit big
 That's good. We can exchange them this weekend
 Those are cool lookin sandals
 IKR
 I don't think I have been eating enough this week
 I've been so tired
 Ur wasting away
 *feeds you*
 Or maybe u have ur period
 î
 Maybe
 I have been bleeding quite a bit from my vagina
 That's prob it bro
 Dude I got 300$ heels for 20$
 Bc club Monaco ppl messed up
 Woop woop
 Fuck quinoa bro
 Fuck stuffed pepps
 Lol aw
 Babers
 U should do a blend of rice to quinoa
 Baby no dont you defend quinoa
 It knows what it did
 Aw
 I sorry
 I'm on a shopping high right now
 I think it has to do with the calories
 Apparently quinoa has 222 calories per cup
 Yeah that's why ppl eat it
 But it's more protien
 And 170 per 1/4 uncooked
 Than rice
 So that's why u should do a mix
 So I'm eating max 400-500 calories per meap
 No fucking wonder
 I eat 2 meals per day
 Plus a pbj which is maybe 400-500 cals
 Aw
 1500 cals are u on a cut
 Check ur abs bro
 Count me
 I need like 3x those calories
 Em*
 I'm wasting away
 Pls get a pizza
 Lol
 I actually had pizza today
 It was a going away lunch for a couple guys in the office
 I had the equivalent of about 2-3 slicds
 Only abt 400-500 calories in itself
 But more filling than what I've been eating
 Baby no
 If I pooped our froyo Would u have a bite?
 î
 Dude brexit :(
 
 what the plan? assuming its your usual 630 train down, here by 9?
 Yeah I think so
 It would be a 547 train I think
 Baby Charlie is back
 Depends on if I get stuck at the office
 òç
 Which one is charlie
 Is the the little one?
 *gasp*
 yes the little one
 Okay
 Why doesn't he live with you?
 Lmao chill
 We've been over this babe
 Lmao*
 Bacon pockets I know I know
 Lolol
 Did u tuna pockets ur cat
 Lol no
 I need setups first bro
 Then u can't get on my case for bacon pocketing Charlie bro
 Litter box and scratching posts
 DEMS THE RULES
 Lmao
 Oh while I have you
 Do you know if you have my bathing suit?
 I can't seem to find it at my place
 Yes
 OK cool
 But I fink u might need one moar that fits at least for DR
 Ya
 I think I'm wearing the wrong shoes
 I wanted to wear my Prada shoes with the chinos but they prob don't match
 You need a warmer cognac
 But it technically is fine
 Pic?
 I'll send one when I get the chance
 I'm on the bus now
 Ok
 I slept through my alarm 3 days this week
 Like wtf
 Did u bring ur Fitbit
 They have this cool new sleep stuff
 U need to get urs working
 O shit i dunno
 -___-
 baby
 lets call anyways?
 I tried to remember everything lol
 I remembered bathing suit and clothing/shoe returns
 thats enough
 u still havethe app?
 we'll just call
 if they send u another one they can just get that started now.
 Sure
 I still have the app
 Oh also
 I made a new batch of cold brew
 And I didn't have enough room so I drank a bunch
 aw
 u should reallyt ry matcha
 apparently its caffeine but not addicitive like coffee
 But I heart coffee
 It's delicious and perfect
 Like pizza but not bad for you
 it is, but matcha is so tasty too bro
 i wants charlie
 why can i no has
 U can has if you are able to care for him/her
 http://imgur.com/gallery/dGtVrlC
 he comes with a toy like that in his mouth, puts it at my feet, steps on it with a paw, then looks up at me
 im like bro what do u want
 and he just tries to btie my hand away when i go to grab his toy to throw
 hes the cutest
 thats the kind of dog i want
 woah its actually the moose in that gif
 thats the one we have
 and a dinosaur
 XD
 Daww
 No take
 Only throw
 omg
 read the gilded comment
 omg 


 
 Lmao
 Brexit is coming
 LMAO
 Seriously though, I imagine this is not great news for most of Europe
 its not great news for anyone
 i mean, i guess vacations there will be fine. but we just have to make sure trump doesnt get elected or else were screwed
 also tho, theres a killing to be made
 in currency trading
 Dude I am moving to Norway if he gets elected
 jsut short the gbp once it rises a bit
 excuse me
 Come with
 norway is cold.
 and u are no viking
 AND I AM A POLAR BEAR
 actually
 LMAO
 YOU ARE YOU ARE
 Based on my heritage
 lol
 I'm like 40% viking
 james mooradianeksin
 And don't you forget it
 youre weird
 Yup
 òò
 òòòòòò
 I really fucking want thai food today
 But I still have more stuffed peppers
 throw them away and get thai
 or give to a homeless guy
 will fill him up for 10 mins
 I wouldn't wish that on my enemies
 Also where is a homeless guy gonna get a microwave to heat the food up
 homeless shelter?
 the sun?
 dumster fire?
 Lol dumster
 Like hampster
 lol
 Lol I just saw a guy on the street walking a kitten on a leash
 The kitten did not look amused
 Hoo boy
 I messed up babers
 I underestimated how much eating those paltry stuffed peppers shrunk my stomach
 I went and got Thai food
 I ate the whole thing and now I want to lie down and die
 Okay this was pretty funny http://m.imgur.com/gallery/A1yfM64
 Guess what I just did
 What?
 Just got a wax
 I'm all smoof
 òòèòè
 Ooo
 I was texting through it all lol
 òèòèòè
 Dang son
 Didn't hurt too much except when she was tweeting my but
 Tweezing*
 Eep
 That was annoying
 That's pretty damn personap
 Personal
 No hairs left behind bro
 No hairs left behind
 As long as ur happy huns
 Lolol are u happy ?
 I'm happy huns I'm happy
 Lol so
 Are u happy enough that ur on a train now
 Orrrrrr
 Lol I am on the train now actually
 I forgot to bring water tho and I'm suuuper thirsty
 Aw
 Poor guy
 Where are u?
 Just passed Stamford
 Almost there hunns
 Almost in grand central
 I'm still out having a drink
 Meet me at my apt?
 Wait what
 
 I'm not home
 I'm at your place
 Oh ok I'll come
 Ask the doorman for keys
 And let urself in please?
 You left them here?
 They have a copy u can take iirc
 Have the doorman call me and confirm
 If needed
 Ook
 https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/233900317/Premier%20Voucher.pdf
 I tired
 
 î
 I kinda like it
 Where are ye
 I'm downstairs in ur area
 hiii i miss you lol
 Daww 
 I'm so tired baby
 I just had some toast and I'm feeling a bit better
 Aww
 I'm really tired too
 eat
 Doing work on the couch was not the best idea in hindsight
 i normally feel like this when im low energy, but eating helps me a ton
 gives my body energy :)
 lmao
 ur other option is to put the chairs together
 and sit on the counter
 lmao
 Hah nah I'll just nap
 Lmao
 Baby
 Napping is hworking from home
 Lolol
 babers
 i dont have volleyball this week
 it starts next week
 i dun goofed lol
 Oh lol
 i yam all yours
 dont sound too excited now
 ^_^
 Yayy
 I've just been in training so far today
 I think it's gonna continue
 Till the end of my day
 so what are you thinking for tonight
 when do u wanna leave
 and do u want to just meet me in manhattan
 or want me to come home?
 or want to meet me there?
 Depends on where we go I gyess
 I have a fair amount of stuff
 So we'd have to meet somewhere that's cool having my backpack
 I think it'd be easier if you came here and we did something at the apt
 I'm still up for a meet up in the city tho if you gotta place you want to est
 Eat
 ok let me come home then :)
 ur backpack can meet us anywhere tbh. its usually not an issue
 Okies
 do u have anything in mind for dinner?
 Is it just gonna be you and me?
 it can be
 Okay
 I dunno
 I've been wanting to get a board for a while but that's not really dinner
 We could find a place nearby
 id be down w/ a board
 vaidu says shes really tired
 so shes going to focus on sleeping
 aka we have the night to ourselves
 http://www.yelp.com/biz/sort-of-wine-bar-williamsburg?osq=Charcuterie
 ?
 but its not really dinner, just meats
 Ooo
 I could
 We could get a board and then just make food or grab seamless if we're hungry after?
 lol mebbe
 what times are u heading out bro
 I donno
 I haven't set a time for myself
 I could leave whenevs
 What time are you working until tonight?
 umm whenever
 i can leave at 5
 so im home with u the longest
 Lol babby
 You don't need to skip out on works
 imnot
 I do still have to work till probably 5-530
 Meetings and training
 well then should i come home at 6?
 I would def be done by then
 You can come early for cuddles tho
 I will just be on a call or on some dumb online class
 ok then ill come home at 6
 Okie
 ill just come home later thats cool
 heybabers i gotta be here until 6:30
 so ill head over after
 k? k.
 so ppl at work have this theory that jon will marry sansa to be the true lord to winterfell
 and to undermine littlefinger
 Okies that's fine
 Interesting
 But yeah I'll be okay over hear
 I think someone is heading up to the apt
 FYI
 What for
 Buttsex
 Cook
 Cool
 But more likely to drop off a package
 Lmao baby
 Cool
 
 Omfg Gary why u keep pushing our meeting ugh Fml
 Lol
 Babby
 I'm getting work done
 You got some packages in the mail
 But I'm also eating goldfish and trail mix which primarily consisted of peanut butter chips
 So
 Lol
 What is in the packages
 Can I seeee pls
 I didn't open em
 I'm still doing this online training thing
 It's so terrible
 I want to die
 I made it to the place
 It's pretty empty
 On my way
 Cool cool
 I made it babes
 I'm just waiting for the train now
 I do not envy your commute btw
 That is possibly the sweatiest I've been on the way to work
 It's muggy out and sauna-like in the subway station
 Aw
 It's usually fine, just walk in ze shade
 Lol it's cloudy
 Lmao
 Oh
 I see
 So what train are u  on
830
 There was an 8 train but it didn't go to state street
 I'll get to work around 1040
 Not too bad considering I'm already on
 That's good
 I'm just heading to work now
 My body just ugh
 I have volleyball tonight but don't wanna go
 I'd rather get my nails did and gym
 I thought you said volleyball was next week
 I thought so too
 Guess I was wrong
 Darn
 Tonight is the first game
 Eh it'll be fun
 Also I'm getting annoyed at one of my coworkers
 Lol it's outside
 Maybe it will be Rained out
 Points out errors in giant ass spreadsheets and doesn't try to fix them
 Just wastes everyone's time
 Oh :(
 I hate those guys
 Yeah it's super dumb honestly
 Like you do your job enough to see something's wrong but you don't follow through the extra 10 minutes it takes to fix the problem
 My new shoos came in yesterday!
 
 
 
 
 
 Ur the best I love I
 U*
 Aww I love you too
 Life will be better once I've completed my training
 Ill be the next Meister and I'll be able to help John defeat the walkers
 Lmao
 YASS baby YAASS
 Lemme make u ur library card real quick
 Lamo how did U turn into Sam 
 I don't know
 I don't know baby
 How do I do the filters on Snapchat
 I'm like a grandma
 I don't know this technology
 U have to touch the screen until u see it track ur face on a grid thing
 So turn the selfie thing on
 And then hold down the screen
 Then swipe
 U should also have location services on for snapchat bc some filters are local
 It's not working
 Eh I'll figure it out later
 Update ur app
 I might need to
 Then just hold it downs bro
 I haven't opened it in a while
 Yeah u have to update
 Next time u and Sean should face swap
 It will basically be the same person lol
 Vaidu and I confuse snapchat
 Yeah you might be disappointed with that one
 lol
 fyi jet blue sale http://www2.jetblue.com/deals/summer-musts/?source=MKTEM062816&cpgnname=20160628_Airways_FS_JB_Select-Base_N_NA_NA_NA_NA_NA_NA_HomeAirportBase_JBInHouse
 maybe u can use this to visit ur parents
 it would be from JFK
 but you can save money and  visit me for a day/night
 Thanks hunns
 I'll take a look
 i did a precoursery search and i think it fis your dates, and you can pay w/ points
 Cool cool
 
 Hey hunns
 Did you have a good day? Are you going to volley ball?
 no volley ball
 yes good day
 Cool cool
 what about youuuu? how was woooorks?
 It was okay
 I didn't do much lol
 im still at works. gots so much to do.
 I'm pretty damn tired
 lol aww
 are u tired?
 òòòòòòòòòò
 òòòòòòòòòòòòòòòòòò
 :D :D :D :D :D
 Baby
 Ur not here
 
 Where are youuuu
 I'm in bed but allll allllooone
 Dawww
 *humps you*
 Lolol
 I'm into it
 Lies
 Ooh ur up
 
 Lol
 Hi
 I looked at this and then closed my eyes again
 Woke up a couple mins before a meeting
 BABY
 YOUGOTTARESPOND
 Soo many requirements man
 just one
 bro
 just one
 realmeistersalwaystextback
 
 i look horrible omfg
 
 which one?
 baby
 u like this? https://www.amazon.com/dp/B013PXJ72A/ref=psdc_3733551_t3_B00WVO4PBI
 Hey sorry I've been in calls
 I think I like the first one
 And yeah the couch looks really cook
 Cool
 Apparently not the most comfortable furniture though
 southwest also has airline sales http://www.travelzoo.com/airfare/north-america/-49-up-Southwest-Launches-Fall-Travel-Sale-One-Way--2288914/?placement=Top20Redesign-DealLink-2288914-2-0-SignUpOB
 if u havent booked via jetblue
 i ordered chairs!!
 https://www.allmodern.com/Reese-Tufted-Fabric-Retro-Side-Chair-MCRR1839-MCRR1839.html
 comes out to with an extra 15% off and free shipping
 :D
 we got em in white <3
 will fit the apt so well
 https://vine.co/v/iiLjKuYJpr6
 OMGGGG
 Baby I need u to beat someone up
 He's taking the smith machine thingie up
 ò°
 Looool this
 Looks like you found some cool stuff
 Did u see the vine
 Can I has
 Pls
 ò
 Lol you got it hunnies
 That is your kinda doggo
 Where did u get doggo from?
 
 Idk ppl just say it
 Dam son
 Which ppl
 Good workout
 The voices in ur head?
 Whatevs hub
 Hun
 Nooooo
 òò
 
 IM BENCHING ALL ON MY OEN
 !!!!!
 It's hard
 But whatevs
 òòòòòòòò
 
 Lookit me
 hi babers
 i hope you have a good day
 i love you
 so my mom is perfectly fine w/ not coming down on july 4th
 im surprised
 i juts have to go home earlyt he weekend after for my dads thing
 Awwww Hunnies I love you too
 which i was going to anyways so no biggie
 Interesting
 \o/
 I suppose that's fine
 I'll hang with you on the 4th
 YAY
 i think sas and ily asre coming over too
 we should get some moar meat and grill/bake it
 Let's do it berbs
 Are you up
 ...?
 I'm Having dinner #3
 For belly Aru has run away
 I did a bad thing
 Dinner # 3 wasn't just a nibble
 
 I'm sorryn
 I'm gonna be fat when u see me
 òÅòÅòÅ
 I'm sorry
 U love me for who i am right right ?!
 Are u proud of me?
 Wow sounds like you had a fun night
 Btw do you think the toms I have would go with my chinos
 It's too late to say no so just agree with me pls
 òò
 Lmao
 Sure baby
 Sure
 òòòò
 OK I thought so
 I was a little concerned
 ò
 Lmao
 U crack me

 Did u being ur Fitbit
 Whoops
 U idiot
 
 do u even know where it is
 Its on my coffee table
 A likely story
 It *is* a likely story. Thank you for noticing!
 On a scale of one to bored how bored are u right now
  I thought this was a butt farting for a second there
 I have changed you
 Must be a new emoji
 
 I am corrupted fully
 ?
 Oops
 The elevator won't come up
 I touched the call button by mistake
 OK I'm gonna get back to work
 HAVE A GOOD DAY HUNNIE òò
 
 Lol sigh òòòò
 You should leave
 LeAve where
 Baby no smoking
 You can't be there
 
 Lolol
 Adorable
 so chico is here
 aka australian shep
 HE IS A WALKING PILLOW
 THESE DOGS JUST GET FLUFFIER
 Pics pls
 i will my phone is charging
 its at like 3%
 but his fur is like shearling
 super thick and soft
 and he has a shape of a pillow
 aka fat
 Lool
 u know that bag u liked from bloomingdales
 the all leather one
 that wasl ike a tube
 hes that shape
 lolol
 Lol
 and he waddles
 <3
 O jeez
 best job ever?
 best job ever
 but we have no snacks and ran out of coffee
 :(
 I brought my cold brew in today
 
 So goof
 Good
 babers
 whats ur timing like today
 6pm train?
 the usual?
 or earlier?
 Hey hunns I ended up getting an earlier train out of grand central
 I'm gonna get in to gc around 7, should be at your place around 745
 Oh ok
 Should we just order dins then
 Or wait for you
 You can order
 What time do you plan on eating
 Well if I order now it will get here in an hour
 Yeah go for it
 It was thai food Friday so I prob won't be hungry
 Ok
 We have leftover pizza and rice pudding
 Ok
 So u can have that if u juants
 Ok
 Hey huns I just got to grand central
 I'll be there in abt 30-40 mins
 Ok
 Are you home?
 Yes
 Kewl
 Baby my food isn't here yet
 So hungry
 It's cos I ate it in transit
 My b
 Why would u do that 
 
 http://m.travelzoo.com/airfare/north-america/-49-up-Southwest-Launches-Fall-Travel-Sale-One-Way--2288914/?placement=Mobile-Top20-Redesign-Deal-Link-2288914-2-0
 I'm sitting on the wall near Oaxaca taqueria
 https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/4qylne/kings_landing_rendered_in_minecraft/
 Baby I just passed this lady with a super tiny dog that did not want to move
 The little guy was laid out fully and gnawing on his leash
 Super cute
 This coffee is working a little

 Oops
 All better
 Hangouts
 Pls
 Skype does not work well cross platform
 
 Ty babers it worked
 You're the best
 :D
 Are you guys still gonna be out a while?
 http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/who-loves-ya-baby-back-recipe.html
 ^braising liquid recipe
 http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2015/09/sous-vide-pork-ribs-recipe-food-lab.html
 ^rub for the ribs
 Let me know if you don't have anything in those
 Also liquid smoke would be good but isn't necessary
 We have liquid ammonia
 Aminos* which is the same thing I think
 Apparently phenols are the important components in liquid smoke
 Btw floors are vacuumed and swiffered. Only room i didn't touch is vaidus room. I left the boxes on the couch just in case you wanted to return the furniture
 Also if you are coming to the gym bring water
 Cooler is just aout out
 Ok
 Cooler Is what
 Almost out of watet
 Water
 Ok
 There's maybe one cup left
 I gotta chill before gym, I'm still full from lunch we grabbed
 Sure sure
 I can come bring u water tho
 I should have enough for the rest of my workout
 Welp no more water left
 Hi I hope you got in to work ok
 I did
 Good. I'm wfh and still in bed
 Lucky
 I haven't stopped pooping
 òì
 í
 I finally feel alive again
 That's good
 I'm hanging in there
 Had a huge coffee and I'm up to poop number 4 of the day
 Aw. Yay poops
 We are so much food
 You still have so much food
 You might not be able to eat it all before it goes
 Someone on redditjust said doggo
 It's a thug
 Thing*
 Lolol it is baby
 So I just woke up
 How do u feel
 Way better
 Like a new person I bet
 Yeah
 Yesterday was not easy
 Aww
 I have had a four day stomach ache
 Aww
 And we're apparently having fried chicken at work today
 Oof
 Not great with a stomachache
 Is it from stickys finger joint?
 Lmao
 Asking the right questions
 I dunno
 You have enough food to last you even without dem lunches
 And wow I forget how much I eat when i have a hangover
 For dinner I ate 2 burrito bowls and a thing if chips and guac
 Not quite the size of Chipotle bowls but not far off
 I ate for like 45 mins straight after we hung up
 Awww
 Babers
 im in pain
 im eating yogurt
 :o
 first dairy in forever
 its helping tho
 Damn
 Poor hunns
 well good news is my insides stopped burning
 im still coming up weekend after next
 u still want to do rhode island?
 Yeah
 I can look into stuff
 I'll see if that weekend or the one after looks goof
 Good
 yay ok
 Oof
 Take a look if you get the chance
 Newport is pretty booked up
 i will
 yeah everything is like 500$ - 1k
 òê
 Yeah
 lmao im making that dace now
 face*
 Most of the hotels are fully booked both of those weekends
 It's just like
 Hotel viking
 And la quinta
 motel 6 too
 -___-
 lets find the next good weekend then
 Lol I purposely excluded the motels from that list
 Sure
 lmao
 ikr
 I'm good on motels bro
 Also I raided my house this morning
 Killed 3 mosquitos since I woke up so I figured it was tine
 Time
 oh no
 dont breathe it in
 Lol I raided from back to front then left immediately after
 I'm gonna open the windows when I get home and then go food shopping while it airs out
 I have what looks like some small bug bites on my abs ò
 omg id be ok if i never saw food again
 actualy thats a lie but thats how my stomach feels right now
 Awww
 baby those are just ur abs
 Kefir?
 i had some yogurt already bro. w/ honey
 Baby my abs are not 2mm in diameter
 not with that attitude
 Lolz
 Brat diet today?
 Or Indian food?
 well im in a bootcamp from 9-2
 so i guess trying ot pick around the food they give me
 kinda day
 Awww
 Maybe you can make a request
 which is chicken collard greens
 etc
 they already ordered bc its our founders bday today
 and he picked fried chicken
 Oh I see
 so a lot of water i guess
 Well there's no shame in getting bland food cos your stomach is dieing
 Ppl would understand
 i know
 Tho chicken and collards sounds pretty great
 but i wont have time.
 U want me to seamless lunch for u babers?
 until 2pm
 no im ok
 ill go grab a smoothie bowl later
 What's a smoothie bowl?
 its a smoothie but they make it thicker
 so you eat it in a bowl and they add toppings like fruit nutbutters granola etc
 you'd like it
 Whaaaaaat
 How have I not known about this before
 idunno
 That sounds amazing
 u could get it at that liquiteria from equinox
 http://www.liquiteria.com/bowls/
 It's like 16 handles but healthy for you
 Want
 id prob ask them to add in protein powder
 and have it hit macros other than sugar and carbs
 lol
 Yeah that's fair
 ill bring u some
 I'm down for that
 how did u not know about them?
 i swear ive told u ive had them before
 maybe it just didnt click? like u thought it was just a smoofie?
 Probably
 ur so cute
 òò
 òòòò
 òòò
 òê nobody does smoothie bowls near me
 But I did see a smoothie flavor called razzmatazz
 aw
 im sure someone does
 its not a new concept
 http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=acai+bowl&find_loc=New+Haven%2C+CT
 http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-juice-box-new-haven?osq=acai+bowl
 Lol the juice box
 i dun goofed
 i ate the fried chicken
 w/ nashville hot sauce
 such shame
 baby i got my period
 Hoo man
 Wow hope you're feeling alright
 That's a lot to happen all at once
 Sounds delicious tho
 lol
 ikr
 I've been weirdly focused today
 Was taking a call at 10 and just stayed in the conference room working till just now
 im so proud of you
 apparently today is national fried chicken day
 yay i guess?
 You're doing chicken everywhere proud
 now we got pizza
 im sorry
 i wont fit on the plane to DR
 Wow damn son
 Your workplace is pretty generous
 its jons bday
 this doesnt happen every day
 well i guess i lied there were ice cream sandwhiches yesterday for another  bday
 Lool
 So just roughly 30 days out of the year
 BUT IT ONLY  HAPPENS ON FANCY OCCASSIONS
 Or however many ppl you have in the officd
 well 62 days out of the year i guess
 im having another slice. OINK OINK
 Eh let's round down due to multi birthday days
 OINK OINK MOTHERFUCKERS
 lmao
 theres only one multiple bday day
 and its mine
 :(
 I could build you a rough number based on factorials or whatever
 Booo
 i have the company bday list brooo
 i think im ok
 :P
 Statistically there should be more double days than that
 You reach an expected match of 0.5 persons at only 20 ppl I thino
 ìì
 Nm I was thinking something else
 Your office has a 97% chance of having at least one match
 I've been trying to explain stats for 2 hours straight
 I'm sort of stuck on math mode
 I think you have a 96% chance of having 2 matches also
 im gaining so much weight today omfg
 i will probably hate myself tomorrow
 but i am weak today
 Your office size has a 45% chance to have 10 shared person-bdays
 I need help
 O wait no
 Your expected number of birthday occurrences is 3.4ish
 baby
 no
 stop
 come back to normal jim pls
 ÇÇÇ
 òò
 òòòò
 sigh baby this period has me drained :(
 Damn
 i just want cuddles pls.
 *curls up to u with bacon pockets*
 Lolol
 Baby that doesn't work on me
 U need chicken wraps
 No bro
 Bacon pockets/tuna pockets
 And the puppets and ur cat dude will come cuddle
 And then you'll  be there
 Duh
 Lolz
 You'll have all those puppers
 You won't need cuddles from me
 Sigh
 *supplies chicken wraps*
 òç
 òò
 òòòò
 I miss you
 
 U like?
 
 
 
 Those are some pretty stylish glasses
 The chair is nice too
 Lmao
 Chairs
 
 Neat
 èòò
 òòòò
 Put 'em up, put 'em up! - Imgur

 
 òÅ
 Did u hear about Pokemon go? P
 What's that?
 Look it up BRUH. It's Pokemon IRL. Like u walk around and catch dem pokemons. https://m.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/4rmu0t/why_the_fuck_am_i_outside_my_house_at_1am_in_my/
 Interesting
 It's like that game from xkcd but pokemon
 sas and greg are obsessed already. u can go join them
 Lol are you on it?
 We can be Pokemon masters together
 no
 i dont pokemon hun
 u know thid
 this*
 it would be pointless to me
 I'm not gonna Pokemon all alone bro
 lmao
 no baby
 u got it alone
 collect them all
 how does that song go again
 gotta catch em all
 i had cereal for bfast this morning. it was kinda sad :(
 That's exactly how the song goes
 Ash wants to be a Pokemon master but he fucking hates breakfast foods
 this is way too early for an i hate you
 but i hate you
 sigh
 òòòò
 Lolol
 You are adorable
 
 hey babe
 so apparently all u gotta do to replace ur fitbit is take a pic of the defective device
 and send over your proof of purchase (in your case ill send u ur amazon order info)
 vaidus sending us her chat w/ them
 but she got them to replace her easily
 Oh I see
 tis even easier than i thought
 ill send u ur info today
 and u can shoot them ur email mmmk?
 
 That's urs bro beans
 http://help.fitbit.com/?cu=1
 Click on the email us link
 ok so i ran and got new underwear bc i bled thru mine bc my period hates me
 now im sitting here and im just FART FART CITY
 and i want ice cream which will make me fart even more
 Damn that is a shitty afternoon
 bonus is i have some blood on my pants
 so im sitting here feeling my period, paranoid that ill start smelling but am unable to do anything about it
 HOW IS LIFE FAIR
 plus the mood swing where i dont care about shit right now doesnt really help either
 i wish u had to deal with this man. i bet if men did, we'd only work 3 weeks per month and we'd have the most advanced birth control
 also im reading this and raging http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/news/husbands-who-always-fly-business-class-while-wives-travel-in-economy/
 thoughts??
 I mean they're just terrible people is all
 If you read the first one it's clear their marriage is falling apart
 lmao
 just like house hunters
 could u imagine if u did that to me? youd be dead so quickly
 Just like house hunters
 Stealing offices and stealing first class seats
 OMG
 THAT GUY
 I SWEAR TO GOD IF I MEET HIM
 IMA PUNCH IS FACE
 Do it man
 Give him one from me too
 Such a tool
 lol
 whatcha doing on august 25th?
 is that when you are visting your parents
 also do u have that pic of mister potaru head?
 Yeah I'll be either in NC or heading to NC on the 25th
 I might still have Mr potaru head
 It's probably on my old computer tho
 Ok
 Lemme call u soon?
 Okay
 I have a company outing on the 25thv
 Will u be my plus 1
 Of July?
 August bro
 August
 Oh
 I'd love to but
 I'm gonna be in nc
 Or I think I fly out that day
 Gotta be at the airport at around 4
 Damnit
 I don't have a Thursday boyfriend
 Should I invite Melissa
 Or would that be too weird
 Loool
 
 No right
 Ehh
 Nah
 Why a no? Bc ugly or bc it doesn't fit
 vaidu just downloaded pokemon go
 and theres a squirtle in our living room lol
 Lmao
 u try it u try it
 I don't understand how this works
 I caught a squirtle in my bedroom and a pidgey that was in someone else's aartmeny
 Apartment*
 Now it wants me to leave my house
 lmao
 yeah u gotta walk around
 real life
 to catch pokemon
 then go to the gym
 to train them?
 Lool
 I assume it's like Pokemon the game
 lol aw
 So lots of animal fights
 yes
 thats the point of it bro
 lolol
 im downloading it so i can play w/ you
 so
 what are u supposed to do
 when u catch them?
 òÅ
 
 Dawwwwww
 Want
 lolol
 tuna pockets
 ò
 chuna pockets bro. chuna pockets.
 I'm heading hoome
 I tried playing Pokemon but the servers were down
 Now I gotta clean my apt
 Try again
 I'm on it now
 I got on
 I'm on the bus tho
 Too far from the gym, which is like 150 feet away
 You really gotta walk for stuff
 Lmao
 Yup this is not for lazy ppl like us
 Lolol
 I'll give you regular Pokemon to play bro
 Lmao
 Okay I can get all the poke stops on my bus route home
 I got an egg
 Lolol
 HE'S BACK òçòçêà
 
 Lmao
 He just flopped right next to me
 Play with HIIII
 Him*
 What are u doing outside
 Pokemon?
 Took out the trash
 
 Ummmm
 He's at my window
 WHAT DO
 KEEP HIM
 TUNA POCKETS
 I THOUGHT WE WENT OVER THIS
 I don't have tuna
 I left some ham out
 Aww
 U did good
 òò
 Congrats on ur new cat
 òòòò
 He didn't go for the ham
 :(
 I'll get tuna later
 
 
 What's this
 Ummm
 It's a magmar
 I know that
 Is that a good thing?
 Is it rare
 Lolz
 I want a rare one damnit
 He's rareish
 I DONT KNOW WHAT IM DOING
 IM ATTHE STEW LEONARDS OARMINGLOT
 MY OARENTS ARE GONNA KILLE M
 Sigh idk what I'm doing
 òìòìì
 What a neeeerd
 òÅ
 òò
 Are u catching them too? I learned how to catch them while on a bus/in a car
 FYI
 U can prob get good ones on ur commute bro
 I'll teach u
 I got a few on the bus ride home yesterday
 òòòò
 What level are u
 And what team?
 I just got level 5 
 Also the poke stop things u spin and get stuff
 Lol
 I'm still 4
 Like poke balls and eggs and crap
 I don have an affiliation
 What's your team bro
 I dunno
 I haven't chosen yet
 Are there any differences
 IDUNNO
 ur asking the wrong person
 Lol
 Ok so is it good to catch multiple ones
 Or nah
 Bc I've been avoiding the ones I already have
 Yeah apparently it is
 You can get candies that evolve
 Them
 I evolved a pidgey
 Cos I sold and transferred 5 of them
 And just kept my strongest
 Idk what that means
 Please teach me
 I've just been catching em all
 As per the song
 Can u talk
 Hey huns I was just opening up my laptop
 It's behaving weirdly so I was trying to see if there was something loose
 You doin okay?
 My mom got me really got me in a bad mood and upset
 But now it's passed
 Aww
 I'm sorry hunns
 It's ok. I'm in a weird mood now
 Just trying to get thru the day tbh
 Yeah
 Are you celebrating your dad's bday tomorrow?
 Yeah with a pooja
 His brother is even here from India
 With a well timed work trip
 Plus I'm having Pokemon server issues. I went on a drive and I didn't even catch any 
 Aww
 Lol
 You're getting all into it
 
 òò
 We're grilling right now. Crap my

 òòòò
 I made a toilet paper diaper. ò°
 This is no fun
 It's barely back tho
 I HAVE A DOGGO FOR TOMORROW
 THIS IS NOT A JOKE
 WHEEEEE
 I gotta give her back tho
 
 Awwwww
 Take pics
 Um duh
 I'm bored at the pooja
 
 
 Aww you look so pretty
 And the pooja looks pretty cool
 
 She's hungry
 
 And whining
 She wants some ppl food
 And some love
 
 
 
 
 
 
 She's just hangry right now
 
 
 
 
 She's whining
 
 Mmmm
 Me and Dave are baking bread
 How's it looking
 
 
 
 
 She's so sad
 Daww
 What kind
 Is it sour
 She looks cute
 It's just basic white girl
 Lmao
 Dude
 I'm in my uncles tesla
 I want
 
 I'm on my way back
 
 òò
 Get on the blue team bro
 
 I'm hoooome
 ÇÇ
 have a good day huns
 a friendly reminder to email fitbit to get ur replacement (its on my list too i keep forgetting -____-)
 someone bought in levain cookies
 ........HALP ME
 IM ON A DIET
 (its day 1 of a diet n exercise program. goes for 8 weeks, will take a small break on it when im in the dominican)
 Awwww
 What's the diet and exercise program
 ive resisted chocolate from italy, cupcakes from sprinkles and levain bakery cookies today.
 Damn
 its w/ a nutritionist and customized to my goals.
 That sounds pretty kewl
 yes except now im starving like no other
 its bc i skipped part of bfast bc i thought it was too much food
 now i know why it was a lot
 Oh I aee
 I think my laptop finally died on me btw
 oh no
 get a new one?
 oh i saw a cool looking laptop the other day
 Lolz
 What kind
 i forget
 but it was beautiful
 Oh I see
 Dave and George have been giving me recommendations for laptops too
 I think they're looking for new ones themselves
 http://store.hp.com/wcsstore/hpusstore/Treatment/Spectre_Saf_Gallery_th1.jpg
 hp spectre
 Oh yeah I was looking at that
 It's pretty
 yup. GORG
 http://www.techinsider.io/most-beautiful-laptops-2016-4
 those are all super pretty
 from having an air, i'd say the price increase to get a lightweight laptop is worth it
 esp with the amount you travel, i'd say it should be a priority for you. you wont understand how great it is until u get a thinner laptop.
 I don't know if the HP has enough power
 But I'm gonna keep looking
 i mean, there are a lot of thin ones out there
 doesnt have to be that. im just saying i think it would benefit you to see that as a necessary spec, thats all.
 
 Hi hunnies
 I hope you have a good day
 I had a weird night but I'm awake this morning
 Wat happened?
 I was out playing Pokemon until like 10. Gots myself a ghastly
 Lolol
 Probably was just annoyed my computer was busted
 I spent like 4-5 hours trying to fix it
 Oh noes baby
 It's actually working now but idk how long itll last
 Wanna go computer shopping this weekend
 Yeah but idk
 I don't really like the computers that are out rn
 I'm sure there's gonna be lots of Pokemon er...computers for u to check out
 Lolz
 We can sit at a cafe downtown and collect pokestops
 Or walk
 I see. Is there one u are waiting on
 No I don't think so
 Dude Yale is gonna have so many lures
 CANT STOP WONT STOP
 òÅòÅòÅ
 I want one that has a decent graphics card plus usb type c with thunderbolt
 Also there's a ton of bulbasaurs near my apt on the morning
 Wait really
 Damn I need to get on this
 I only have my starter and a bunch of boring Pokemon
 Who is ur starter
 I want to get a pikachu
 
 
 
 
 U best get on this
 jeeeez
 That magicarp tho
 Best one
 I have squirtle
 Lmao really?
 Well come visit me
 Bc were by the water we have tons of water Pokemon
 Aka u can be the magikarp King
 Yeah: apparently Times Square has pikachu
 Lolz
 Might be worth braving them crowds
 His evolution is one of the best
 Ooh
 Iiiinterestjng
 
 This is my GPS location at my cube
 There's a Taurus at work somewhere
 
 
 Bonus poliwag I just caught
 GO FOR A WALK AT YALE
 OMG
 Lol
 Lunch walk
 Mad pokes
 It's by my desk what do I do
 U gotta catch em all bro
 Obv
 Damnit it's in the engineering corner
 I can't go there
 Lolol
 I already have one but I wanted to power it up
 But I also don't want to seem like an idiot
 GAH
 Lol
 They are all playing it over there
 Guaranteed
 Lmao
 Yep
 What team are you hunns
 Umm mystic
 What color is that
 BLUE
 Ahh
 What team are u on
 Okay
 I havent chosen yet
 I just got to level 5
 omg choose mystic pls
 It helps when we're on the same team when we're Pokemon hunting together
 We can take over and defend gyms and stuffs
 My GPS keeps jumping around the town green area
 I can grab like 3 or 4 pokestops at once
 That's good
 
 Lolol
 Baby
 So works gonna be slow today huh
 And I have 2 nearby stops that ppl put lures on
 Oooooh
 Pokemon are just running towards me
 Light an incense when ur out at night
 I wanna catch those ghost ones
 Which ones are those
 Ghastly
 And the evolutions
 OOH I HAVE GHASTLY
 YAY
 i caught him last night at a lure spot
 we ran out at like 10pm lolol
 yo u should wfh at my place for pokemon catching reasons
 Lmao
 Yes
 iw aslked 12k steps
 6k was pokemon
 oh shit i keep forgetting to email fitbit DAMNIT
 Lol
 Me too
 vaidu got her replacement already
 Ooo
 I have it out on my desk too
 that was super quick turnaround, no questions asked
 Just gotta snap a pic
 Also
 right now?
 just take a pic
 real quick
 No at home
 ok i took my pics
 will email them
 This is bad hun
 http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/save%20of%20the%20week/2016/07/12/amazon-prime-day-best-deals/86979346/
 what
 With 3 stops and 2 lures I can constantly do stuff from my cube
 Halp
 ughim jealous
 work 50 mins, pokemon 10 minutes
 I have a setuo
 I'm rerunning models with diff parameters
 They take abt 1-2 mins each
 So I set up then Pokemon then check results
 lol
 hey as long as ur working
 its fine by me
 :P
 just be team blue
 I did I did
 YAY
 Bout to take some gyms
 LMAO
 i love u
 òò
 also im kinda jelly i have to go outside for mypokestops
 Awe
 Even at work?
 yup
 :(
 Dang
 shit blows yo
 rob sun works at rock center
 all the toursity places in NYC are gold mines
 meaning he just sit at work and gets everything
 life isnt fair sometimes
 Lol
 Damn u Rob sun
 ikr
 I'm bout to go for a run after work
 Hatch ally eggs
 lmao hatechu
 oh we have to go run this weekend
 Get like 30 stops
 and i might need to lift as well.
 Sure
 I have bands at home
 u cancelled ur gym membership right
 or nah?
 Yeah but I might be able to get you in to work
 oh dont worry then
 If that's what you wanna do
 ill just do it here nbd
 and ill leave a lil earlier on sunday
 so i can come back and gym.
 Sure
 works out bro. its cool
 I put in for wfh on Friday too
 ooh nice
 So you can come over if you wanna
 You don't have to tho
 i have to WFH next fri
 No pokestops at home
 and did so last fri
 so this fri ill be int he office
 Oh
 Okay
 No probs
 sorry!
 :\
 Baby I think the poke stops are gonna get me to come to work
 What is wrong with me
 lmao
 its ok
 im gonna wake up early so i can go for a walk
 to catch me some bulbasaurs
 That sounds nice actually
 It's a good way to get out there
 my inner 10 year old is getting revenge for all those years of not playing pokemon
 https://twitter.com/PoGoServer/status/751485291769257984 z
 lmao
 I might try to get up early and take a run through southern
 yeah. im going to be on UWS today bc of my volleyball game
 gonna catch some nice ones bro
 I've been wanting to do morning workouts but jhst haven't had the motivation lately
 Lolol
 and i have to get home to lift too
 so we'll see
 Okay I'm gonna actually go get some work done
 Have a good day babers
 lol np u too
 I CAUGHT ANOTHER SQUIRTLE
 Dang baby
 I'm getting nothing but pidgey and needle
 Weedle*
 Umm
 Macy's is having 25% off entire purchase today
 U should use ur gift card
 And order stuffs
 Bro
 It ends on the 17th
 I might get an n'espresso maker with a milk frother bro
 Someone is selling theirs for cheap in our building bc they don't use it
 And it's like 30$ more with everything so why not right
 (Milk frother + espresso)
 Ooo damn that's nice
 right?
 
 Oo
 Yas
 hi i cant wait to see u this weekensd
 what are we gonna ooooooo
 doooooo*
 
 Mr robot season 2 premiers tomorrow
 Oooo
 
 òê
 What's up
 I'm just grabbing the L
 Just watching some tvs
 Goin homes now
 Whatcha wayching
 Yiutubes
 Lol I knew it
 Watch some tv shows bro
 I don't have no more to watch dudr
 Also I like the ewetube
 U there?
 
 
 Hi I'm on my way to werk. So early too! And my new diet thang is working, I'm back down to pre July 4th/period bloat
 Also
 
 òçòç
 Also I caught 4 new pokemons. I got a meoweth and a bulbasaur and some yellow dude and a few more doduos. Oh and a poliwog. Productive morning! Saw a puppers, made mah foods for the day, washed my hairs. 
 Awww
 Sounds like you had a good morning
 Yessir I did :)
 I evolved my doduo
 
 wow im sore from volleyball/last two days of being active
 gah
 Dude me too
 My legs are tired from running and working out
 But I gotta catch em all
 Lmao
 How many u got
 Idk I think I have like 25-30 out of the 130 that are out
 I have 57/250
 57 unique ones?
 Oh IDUNNO
 
 Look at ur pokedex bro
 That says 132
46
 46/132 then
 Oh dang
 Uh yeah dude
 Get on my level
 Aw fuck there's a scyther outside somewhere
 Oh look it's ur lunch break
 
 Lolz
 Nah I brought lunch today tho and also I got in at like 930
 I think I'm just gonna leave work earlyish
 No I mean ur still entitled to ur break
 Aka run out and grab the Pokemon
 Lol
 Instead of walking out to get lunch
 I'm having a chocolate covered date that's off my diet lol
 I'll just run a bit extra bro
 I see I see
 I'm not leveling as fast as I was yesterday :/
 Lmao I'm grabbing another chocolate thing
 I am ashamed
 Oh dates
 I had some oatmeal
 yep
 I think I'll be set till 3ish
 OOOOH I had oatmeal in the am too
 It tasted like a cupcake
 Noice
 I'll have to get my weekend meal plans in a few days and then I'll see what I can do for the weekends mmmmk?
 Oh okey
 Ur working from home on Friday right
 Can u come get me early then? Like if I'm there around 5?
 Sure hunns
 yaaaaaaaas
 è
 then we basically have half the day on FRIDAY woooo
 Wooo
 i might be able to even WFH but i should gym here Fri am
 so im gonna just try doing that
 You don't need to push it with work hunns
 Let's take over a gym this weekend babers
 We got this
 Aww I just missed out on a koffing
 idk what that is
 but im sad for u
 oh the farty guy
 yay i have him
 Lolol
 The farty guy
 haha baby look https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4sn2rf/how_do_you_like_your_eggs/d5anraq
 Lol
 Eggs woodhouse
 You get any 10km eggs yet?
 NO
 but apparently u can
 TIL
 Yeah
 I haven't either
 I got mostly 5km eggs
 i have 2 and 5
 Got a sand shrew this morning from one
 The servers are down for me rn tho
 I wanna strangle my coworker baby
 He is so shitty
 There's a deadline for numbers to be out this friday
 I had been under the impression the numbers were due three weeks from this friday
 He told me today
 ò°ò°ò°
 
 Damn
 I literally have no idea how I'm supposed to get usable numbers by then
 They'll have next to no qaqc
 I would have cced his boss on that email
 He just went on vacation today...
 And had been like hi it's a little late for y to tell me now how long did u know about this
 Still
 I feel like this is calculated
 So he knows when he gets back
 It probably is
 He knew about this but I guess he assumed the info would have made it to me sooner? Idk
 Does he have to do anything once u give him those numbers
 Yeah
 Lots of shit
 I would set up a meeting with his boss and him
 And be like listen, we have to work together but fucking hell stop being such a bad employee
 He's tying to pin his negligence on u
 So he can have an out. "Jimmy didn't get me the numbers in time!"
 He's always comes back weeks later and says different shit
 Well u have documentation
 No I mean the higher ups know how good I am
 It just gives me shitty stressful situations in the interim
 He's just not good at managing
 There's an easy way to out politic him
 I feel like the office tries hard to prop people up like that
 Which is fine but it tends to breed incomplete
 Incompetence*
 Dude go over his head
 Send an email to his boss
 He is on vacation bro
 Yes
 I'd still send the email
 Is there any way u can get it done
 And send it to him right before the meeting
 So he has no time to do his shit? Are u in this meeting?
 I don't think so
 I honestly wouldn't be surprised if I was though and he just didn't tell me
 Sounds like he forgot, realized he forgot and was like welp I'll just email Jimmy once my boss isn't here
 Idk I just dont
 I've been teaching a new modeler with this project
 :(
 And I've been doing a bunch of work on a different oroject
 So I haven't been very involved
 Now I just need to do all the work in 2-3 days
 And then yell at him and my boss for being fucking morons
 Imo his boss is just as much at fault for this
 He should have told the client that it's 3 weeks early on a 7 week project
 So no way
 Barring that he should have told me about this directly
 Aw
 So u gonna do it
 Or just be like push the meeting
 ?
 Its a public outreach meeting
 No pushing it
 I was gonna go to trivia night with Dave today too
 :(
 U still should it's not ur damn fault
 I might
 I'll have to work a lot extra tmmr though
 :/
 Go blow off steam and come back tomorrow I guess. Idunno; it sucks both ways
 I'm sorry bro.
 How'd it go
 (I worked out yay!)
 So Dave came over and we ended up not getting to trivia on time
 But we just ended up hanging out
 Which was cool
 Lmao
 Nice dude nice
 
 bonobos has some really cool shirts and pants on display today
 
 Lemme grab a pic
 
 
 
 
 I like the last one lol
 But I kinda wanna see u in the pink shots so I can get a laugh in
 
 Oh you
 But baby
 I need some joy in my life
 Are still wfh this fri
 Idk
 Depends how much work I can get done today
 Ok
 Lemme know, I'll be flexible with my departure time
 Okay
 But I'd like to get there before 8 if I can
 So I can spend as much time with u as  possible
 Maybe even make dinner up there 
 Baby is it bad that I really want sooshi again?
 Lmao no
 It's not bad
 We can go it shall be mah cheat
 What is your meal plan btw
 Lets work around it
 
 Friday and sat
 And Sunday is optional free day or just a combo of the other meals I've gots I think
 Two days or is that each day?
 I repeat this for 2 days
 So That's fri and sat
 Do you have these items?
 Yes
 I give her my grocery list every weekend and she makes meals to fit macros
 It's kinda cool
 Oh cool
 And then it's supposed to help me adjust macros as I move forward and learn this shit myself. plus work out plan that she gives me
 It's just to help me learn how to adjust macros etc bc I've never successfully done a cut before myself
 Nice
 Yeah. It doesn't leave much room for errors tho :/ so yah òê
 This is how she does it when my lunch is catered
 
 I see
 Sweet potatoes all day
 I found her on Reddit lol she's a licensed nutritionist and trainer who is also a clinical psychologist. It's weird but meh it's working and cheaper than doing this myself
 I bought these Japanese ones and omg they smell like candy when cooked
 And taste great. Idk wtf is in them
 Umm probably sweet potato
 Hopefully
 Smart ass
 òÅ
 U enjoyed that
 Im counting it
 I can see ur stupid smile
 Im gonna be like I hate you then ur gonna be like love u baby and try to kiss me
 Sigh òòòò
 òòòò
 òò
 Babe I do have some bad news though
 U gotta work this weekend
 I checked my schedule for August/september
 Kinda worse tbh
 U can't come on our vacation
 I think we're gonna go another month without seeing eachother
 Nah I'm going on vacation
 Noooooooooooooo
 Ok good
 :( well be alright huns
 But weekend after is George/georges moms bday
 Weekend after that is north carolina
 Ees ok
 Weekend after that is VT with Sean/Dave/alex
 Whatcha doing for George's bday
 Ees fine
 His mom's bday
 U do ur thing
 They do parties at their place
 I'll see u when I see u
 We can do weekday stuff
 Lol
 Yeah we will figure it out don't worry
 That does suck but meh
 It's basically one of two or three weekends a year I see my parents/George/Sean and alex
 They all are just happening at the same time
 i understand bro
 its fine
 at least we'll have vacation together
 hopefully we'll get so sick of each other the break will fly by
 9 days together roughly
 oh by the way vacation is coming up soooon
 and we still gotta get stuff for it
 Yah I was looking
 can we go shopping? or online or something so we can prep
 3 weekends from now
 i think online shoping is the best tbh.
 We can shop this weekend
 Online or irl
 everything in stores sucks now a days
 either or, let me come up and we can see
 i have shorts but i need dresses and i want one more bathing suit
 Lol
 i think u need more bathing suits, and maybe shirts and shorts? or some combination of those three
 Yeah I need one more shorts and a bathing suit
 oh and good boxer breifs thats on my list for u
 Shirts would be nice
 Yah
 lets do it then. i think vaidus gonna try to do the same here by herself
 bc i figure we're gonna be lounging around most of the day, but then dressed up at night and we prob need more than 1 outfit a day
 but im super excited
 Yee
 I need to get my bday suit ready man
 I should work out again today
 lmao
 bday suit as in nekkid body
 or bday suit as in bikini body
 Well yeah both, either
 If my nekkid body is good, my bikini body is good too
 lmao
 Oh u also gotta tell me what u wants for ur bday
 Inner peace pls
 Lolol
 do u have eggs at ur place? if not, can u go grab a half dozen for me?
 Sure bebbers
 mebbe we can groceries on fri real quick? i know its annoying, sorry
 baby baby
 we ran out of  water
 i gotta drink flat water like the plebs now
 
 i have a horrible headache
 took some advil
 idunno why
 -_____-
 i want to go lie down
 ugh
 Damn son
 Sucks
 òò
 
 
 juliana says that tastes like fruit jooce. its white whine
 Ooo
 All I had today was oatmeal
 Not sure why I'm still hungry
 because u just ate oatmeal
 eat something else bro
 https://techcrunch.com/2016/07/14/microsoft-announces-professional-degree-program-to-fill-the-skills-gap/
 Sorry I'm still not hungry*
 I'm just chilling on my one cuppa oatmeals
 lol i just had some toast. im feeling like crap
 Poop
 yeah. i have dinner w/ a friend (mohammad) but idk if i should let vaidu just go alone bc im tired and feeling like shit
 :/ you do what feels right hun
 If it means going home, maybe you get some rest
 yeah, i might bounce now and still make it out. get a nap in and see how i feel.
 Oo you could try a coffeenap
 Coffee and a 20min snooze
 Those are supposed to be really good
 I didn't recognize Charlie this am
 Did he get a haircut?
 Yes
 But he came looking for me
 I DID IT
 
 
 hi
 what time works best for u
 for me to get there?
 5? 5:30? 6?
 i have no meetings past 2
 Hii huns
 but i know u gotta work so lemme know i can waste some time until i gotta leave
 WhatsApp didn't show your texts for some reason
 I think 530 would be okay
 i just texted u now
 No I mean all the ones about Charlie
 ok. ill leave accordingly then and ill let u know when i leaves
 it will be cheaper for me too hopefully i can make it
 would you like me to bring u a donut babers
 ees one of those fancy ones
 but i cannot has. i can grab one for u tho.
 lemme kow
 No thanks hunnnies
 kk
 I gots some great Charlie snaps bro
 Lolz
 
 
 He's the cutest omg
 Haha baby
 Did you just come in to play with Charlie today?
 No
 I didn't realize he was in today
 Uh huh
 Lmao i actually got stuffs done
 Hey babe I'll get there around 5:30
 Cool? Cool.
 Okay
 Let me know when you're in Bridgeport
 Will do
 The cats upstairs have been freaking the fuck out for some reason today
 I hear angry meowing and thumping
 Charlie didn't let me say bye to him
 
 He thought I was gonna try to get him to stop eating a ping pong ball
 Silly pup
 Lol
 He knows he can't have ping pong balls
 Hey bro
 
 I'm booooored
 Lolol
 æê∂
 Shoulda borrowed Charlie for the weekend
 I know
 He's the best
 Sigh
 I'm missing work dranks
 
 òê
 They're going to the new office and having dranks delivered there
 I bet Charlie's loving it
 but instead I get to come see u earrrrrrly
 
 òò
 òòòòòÅòò
 Small Leather Goods | Pouches, Travel Cases, & More | Cuyana

 I mades it!
  have a good week bro
 
 Love you hunns
 Have a good week
 Aw. I love u too
 I'm sitting near really loud obnoxious ppl
 Hate that
 Playing heads up. Wtf STOP TALKING
 I would move if you can
 Lolol IDUNNO I'll see
 Don't wait too long tho bro
 You won't get a good seat
 I just did
 Nice
 Feeling much better. Not a window no more but omg they were so loud
 Lol
 That's the worst man
 I shoulda given you a watter tho
 I can still hear them
 YEAH U SHOUDDA
 I hope you are not thirsty on the way back
 
 òò
 I yam I yam
 òòòò
 òò
 Baby I want junky food tonight but know I shouldn't eat stuff like that grr
 Don't doo it
 You left me with all the junky food
 Lmao I did
 Save urself
 But I ate a fair amount
 I prob won't
 Bro
 So thirsty
 
 Awww
 I'm almost there
 
 And somehow starving again wtf
 Aww you're almost there babers
 Yuss
 Are u working now
 Or still building ur city
 Lol I was building my city
 I am gonna check my emails tho
 I knews it
 I got one this morning from that guy
 òò
 òòòòòòòò
 Fuck that guy what did he say
 Idk I gotta check
 DUDE THESE SHORTS
 
 Lol I can't tell what's on them
 It's just a print bro
 Oo I see
 I gots some BBQ for dinner, had some chickums and some salads
 
 Yummm
 I want some
 Babe
 Can u call me back
 I found ur Halloween costume bro
 
 Loool
 this is how i keep u on ur toes
 lol
 òò
 òòò
 http://www.asos.com/asos/asos-t-shirt-with-pineapple-print-in-textured-fabric/prod/pgeproduct.aspx?iid=6518131&clr=Blue&SearchQuery=pineapple&pgesize=27&pge=1&totalstyles=63&gridsize=3&gridrow=3&gridcolumn=1
 oh no wrong person
 DONT LOOK AT IT
 DONT LOOK AT IT
 NOOOOOOOOO
 surprise!
 lookit what i found u
 Lol oh hey
 Lmao hi
 
 Check it out hunns
 
 U jelly?
 OMFG
 HOW
 WHERE YES YES I AM
 DAMN YOU TO HELL GAH
 Lolz
 I got him on the way home
 Yesterday
 I hate u
 And this isn't the usual I hate u
 This is the time I really mean it
 ò°
 Also u waited this long to tell me
 Jesus
 Lol I want one
 Calm down bro
 
 It's like my only goal in the game
 (Also I'm half joking)
 Lol baby
 Baby I can't get to work
 The bus is either 5 mins early or 15 mins late now
 I requested an uber and even that isn't coming
 Wtf
 Baby I've been out here for a half hour and nobody came
 no buses no ubers
 Whyy
 Drive
 U have a car bro
 Or wfh
 But I don't wanna
 Don't know waste ur time
 Our office leader made this big stink about people being late and wfh
 He needs to retire
 Email and tell them that public transport isn't working ur trying to get into the office
 Public transport/uber
 So at least they know ur not randomly soon this
 They sound petty and it's good to cover ur ass with those kinds of ppl
 I also have a bag of salad stuff that's getting warm
 Ice
 Ick*
 :( sorry bro whatcha gonna do
 I'd email then figure out if it's worth the hassle of making it in
 Just waiting for the next bus
 It shoulda been here like 5 mins ago
 "Busses are delayed today, be in the office when I can"
 Not sure what's going on with them today
 Aw hope it's there soon
 I worked out this am and got late so I'm just headin in now
 Oh we are commute buddies
 We were now I'm done commuting
 
 Oh I see. Well at least my bus came
 Oh that's good
 Yay
 Stupid bus
 Srsly
 Do u know when ur gonna be down here brobeans? Fri I'm assuming?
 I am gonna have an hour commute today
 I don't know yet
 Yikes
 Okies
 I shoulda just walked to work
 Couldve hatched a couple of eggs
 Yeah :/
 Or driven lol
 Yeah but it's annoying to drive in and it costs me 10 bucks to park for the day
 I knows but after 30 mins of my time 10$ wouldn't seem so bad
 Well also I have to leave at 7
 Like the place I would go doesn't let me stay later than tbat
 Ugh fwp they ran out of berries -____- how will I eat my oatmeal gah
 Why 7 Huns?
 Oh
 Idk that's just the policy
 Nvm
 I wanna work out today so I'd be there till prob 715 at the earliest
 Now its more like 8
 
 That's lunch today
 Lucky
 Yeah for u. I can't eat any of it
 Ah ha
 We ran out of coffee and I need more so I it's wait
 ?
 I have to*
 Oh baby we have plans on sat night. We're hitting the town
 What are we gonna do?
 Vicky invited us out to dinner + drinks/bar to celebrate her new roomie moving in
 Oh I see
 èè
 
 on a scale of sad to sad, how sad is it if i buy 3 pairs of the same jeans in diff colors bc they are on super duper sale?
 its like, 40 bucks each
 That's what I do for my clothes
 If I get the chance
 yasss jimmy approved i like it
 ok so the original jeans i wanted werent in my size
 but the ones i got i got for 30$
 *pats self on shoulder*
 Noice
 I think
 they're 100 ish full price
 yay (not AGs)
 https://www.united.com/CMS/en-US/content/deals/offers/Pages/EuropeSale.aspx?utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=160718_UADL_13166_EuropeSale_C000013166&utm_source=Airline_Fare%20Sales&utm_content=0_ET01&icid=R0tFNTE5MjI=&launch_date=20160718
 http://www.fly.com/blog/top-flight-deals/590-627-philly-madrid-rome-nonstop-rt/?utm_source=tzoo&utm_medium=tl&utm_campaign=PHL071816
 Oh damn
 That seems like a pretty good deal
 I wonder if European vacation prices are gonna be super low for a while
 Cos of all this economic uncertainty
 Might be bro might be
 Also prices for trips to CA are cheap too
 Babes I evolved a vaporeon with that hot reddit tip
 I can actually do gyms now
 Jelly
 Unfortunately it looks like the servers are down atm
 No gyms today
 Only literal gyms today
 Only literal gainz
 I'm at volleyball
 We won!
 Now a beer and ima go homes
 Woo
 I left early today considering how late I got in
 Lol yay
 Everyone else had been gone for a good half hour by that point tho
 Servers are back
 Our office manager who was being all weird about arrivals and wfh had left the office by 4pm for like the 10th consecutive day in a row
 I get the feeling he's just saying that stuff because he's getting grief about it from someone else
 I was in for a minute
 Got kicked out again
 Aw
 It was really nice out today
 It is
 Perfect puppy walking weather
 ê∂ê∂
 Lols
 Are they out in full force today
 U should start the trend bro
 Orange tabby is back babers
 (play it cool, Jim, just play it cool)
 GET UR FOOD
 THIS IS NOT A DRILL
 BABY HES EATING THE FOOD
 What do I do meow
 
 Take a pic
 And pet him pls
 Cuddles
 I did both
 Lead him in
 Idk
 He's so cute omg
 Just let him have the food and hang out with u
 Does he let u pet him?
 Yas
 He came up for pets before I gave him the food
 Enjoy ur new cat
 Lol but srsly
 What do
 Umm if u wanna keep him I'd make him a bed
 Let him hang out
 And then take him to vet
 I'm gonna need to go to a pet store
 Ain't got a cat carrier or a litter box
 Lmao omg u just got a cat
 Nonono
 Not yet
 Maybe he can just be my friend who I feed on occasion
 Lolol
 I'm on my way home now from volleyball a
 
 
 I look like a poodle Fml
 
 Aww you look cute
 I do not! ê∂ê∂
 Look volleyball scars
 
 Oh noes
 I'm so sad about my sunglasses baby
 This has never happened to me. I even have the case! It must be somewhere gah
 Baby you need to look harder
 I know
 This fri I'll tear apart the
 Apt sorry I saw a fluffy dog
 
 Lol nive
 omg that dog. wooof.
 Oof
 I just walked to work
 busses sucking again?
 Freaking buses man, didn't see a single one
 Not sure what's going on
 :(
 what if they are on strike
 I'm sweaty bro
 Idk
 woudl u walk to work daily?
 yeah, u know what i would tell u lolol
 ur gym at work doesnt have showers does it
 how were ur pokemons on ur walk
 Lol no it's not too bad tho
 Pokemon were pretty good actually
 I hatched 2 eggs and caught like 6 pokemon
 Also I won my first gym battle
 yay
 It didn't count because I just kept waking, but I beasted the red teams pokers
 Oh and I caught a meowth and a ponyta
 oh
 i caught a ponyta too
 last night
 Nice bro
 A magicarp hatched from one of my eggs
 look at u
 theres 2 near me right now
 oh i caught another bubasaur
 Oo
 and a bunch of duodo and dodrio or whatever they evolve to
 Nice
 im waiting to use that lucky egg and level up. prob gonna catch a bunch and level up like cray cray this weekend
 Do it bro
 After level 10 every level seems to be 10k exp
 So it won't slow you down
 If you catch like 100 pidgeys you can get to level 15 or so
 well nyc is full of useless pokemon
 pidgeys
 ratatas
 and those bat things whose names escape me right now
 Lol because NYC is full of useless animals
 magikarp
 altho u like those so yay
 Pigeons and rats
 And mutated fish
 Lolz
 basically
 dont u hate it when u see mutated fish on ur walk to work
 A lot of dogs too but I don't think they count cos they're not wild
 omg puppers
 Baby you don't see them because they're underneath your opaque river
 so its decided we are laynging out on the roof this sat am
 Sure babers
 like wake up, run down w/ towel to grab good spots
 then change and bring bfast down there
 and chill all morning/day
 Btw bokack season 3 comes out this friday
 Bojack
 aw man
 my pic is up
 http://www.orchardplatform.com/company/team/
 and i look like a sexy serial killer
 FML
 òèòè
 http://pooperapp.com/
 someone shared that in the company chat
 first response: "i'd change the name to poober"
 Wait seriously
 Yes that's real
 lol that app bothers me more than it should
 Lmao
 Baby
 òò
 òòòò
 I'm assuming you'll be in front night around 9 pm?
 I think so
 I think I need to go home after work
 Bathing suits supposed to be delivered today
 Ok
 I'm gonna miss u tonight bro
 And tomorrow
 òò
 òòòòòòò
 I can be at ur place tonight tgo
 So idk what you are talking about
 Wait what
 U said u we're gonna come from night
 Fri*
 You said front night lol
 I mean that's fine I can come Friday also
 Autocorrect
 Nah it's whatever u wants to do
 Just got confused
 Oh okies
 We have a work BBQ from 6-9 tonight but you won't be here until then anyways so just text me when ur near
 Oh I see
 So just so I know, ur going home to pick up ur package then heading here or coming tmmr ?
 I'm gonna come tonight
 I have to go home first to bring my package inside tho
 ur package
 òèòè
 shouldnt it always be inside
 òèòè
 Haha baby
 yus?
 You are a special one you
 Hey are you able to call?
 U there yet?
 Just got to union square
 Cool
 I got it. Is there a charger I should be looking for or do you have one with you?
 I have one here
 Thank u babers. Is anyone there
 Okay. I'm coming back
 Nope
 Just got off the subway. You want any coffee?
 Can u get me Gatorade pls
 We have cold brews here
 You called?
 Where are u
 Just got to your apartment
 We beat u here
 ?
 We're at mole eating right now
 Loool
 Wow
 I caught the subways pretty poorly
 Had to wait like 5-6 minutes for each one
 U hungry ? (I'm sure you have to leave)
 Not particularly hungry
 I was gonna use the bathroom then try to call my aunt
 I figured. No problem
 Do that. Call me when ur out and I'll grab me keys
 ò
 Okay
 Still at mole?
 Yes
 Want me to meet you outside
 Made the train
 I made pretty good time too
 Yay
 I think I'm gonna try to work on the train bacl
 Ok
 Maybe I can get stuff done so I don't have any problems taking Tuesday off if that's what I end up foing
 That sounds like a plan
 cats and ice ball

 man those cats really love licking ice
 U should get one for ur catdude
 Lool
 Sperrys on sale 

 Oh snap
 I just saw this lol
 What should I get for dinner? I think I have burgers Chinese food and chicken wraps to choose from at this point
 Chicken wraps
 After the spice


 Of Chinese food if u get non spicy
 Are u home
 Lol true
 I'm in an uber back
 I'll probably be home in another 10 minutes
 Just got a chicken wrap
 Idk how long it's gonna take tho, I'm trying a new place out with this one
 Ooh
 I hope it turns out good bro
 òèòò
 SIR I SAYS òò
 òòòòòòòòò
 
 I heard a meow from the opposite apartment
 I don't know what to think anymore 
 NOOOOOO
 HOW DARE THEY
 "Did someone say it's time to eat?!"

 Having a rough am
 Took forever to get ready, finally got ready and dressed and walked out the door. Grabbed coffee and walked to the train. Train isn't running, on our walk to the pier got said coffee spilled all over us (all over Vaidu and then I got some residual coffee). Now we're at home working bc fuck life today man
 Awww
 I'm sorry hunns
 Lol ò
 And my stomach hurts. Gah.
 Lol same
 Least working from home is nice
 I think I got the equivalent of 5 hours of sleep
 Lol I got a text from my boss I have to go in. òòòò
 Ugh
 Like wtf
 Ikr. Why can't they just leave me be! He isn't even working
 Life is ê∂
 This is bullshit
 This is bull. I'm so pissed.
 hey so dolphin u really dont wanna go to right?

 Hi babers. I dunno if you're in Stanford today or up in new havers but have a good day today. I life you've
 I love you wtf autocorrect
 Lol I love you too
 Are u sure u just don't life you've me instead
 I'm still in new Haven today but I need to call my mom
 I don't know if I'd go that far
 
 So I guess we're going zip lining for my birthday huh
 U can zip line straight into my heart òç
 Is that what u wanna dooooooo?
 Lpl
 Not really but I get why Monday morning works best
 Aww :( no babers nooo. Yeah I just didn't want to wake up post drinking night and be like YAY ziplining. ò
 Do you know if 7am is arrival time or departure time from the resort?
 No idea. U should ask
 http://i.imgur.com/udp1bUq.gif
 omg this is the greatest thing ever
 fwp. i have a standing desk but its too cold here so my legs are freezing
 but i cant sit back down and look like a chump.
 Hi baby
 I miss u
 I miss you too huns
 I've been doing some cleanup at the house
 \o/
 Weird being back after all these years
 oh. wrong house.
 sorry, i take back my \o/
 how does it feel? are you okay?
 Yeah I'm fine
 it is a weird feeling, i bet the space seems so much smaller than you remember it. i remember when i moved out of stamford, the feeling i got in the room all cleaned out was very unsettling
 i just wanted to tell you i love you and i miss you and when you get back to new haven put your passport ont he side or find it so you're not scrambling next weekend. i took the liberty of thinking through a lot of things we need for the vacation that you might not be thinking about so ive basically got you covered
 Aww I love you too. I'll grab my passport next time I get the chance
 okay. are you gonna be in stamford all weekend too? or intermittently? is your mom there/
 Probably all weekend, maybe more
 My mom is here though
 oh thats good. give her my condolences pls. ill be here if you want to text me
 
 We're at my other aunts house. This is her pupper
 Can we keep him
 She's 4 months old but super chill
 I didn't hear a no
 Cool
 I think my aunt would take offense
 Lolz
 But he's so fluffy
 Can u boop his nose for me
 Her fur is actually not as soft as I thought
 But she's cool
 What a letdown
 I'll give her a boop from you
 òò
 òòòò
 Apparently she's a westie
 Whatever that means
 So many animals man
 
 I demand pictures
 Lol it's loading
 His name is Tommy
 Omg white ppl and shoes in the house
 òêòì
 He just came up and flopped
 Aw I like Tommy
 Dude I'm in a shop
 Oh nvm
 Those shorts looks nice
 I gots a new bathing suit
 U wanna see? It's a one piece
 Thanks
 They kinds don't fit my butt tbh but they're good
 Too big or too small? Tailor em if u can cuz u gotta booty that don't quit òèòè
 Small butt but loose waist
 My booty never quits giving me trouble finding food fits
 you got a belt
 Food fits fine 
 I can't find my white one but I found a brown one that looks pretty dec
 Oh I also gotta show you by bathing suits
 My*
 U wanna see mine?
 How are urs
 Are the lobster ones cute?
 Ugh
 I love them but they're way too small
 Are all too small?
 I'm a sausage in a casing
 And my sausage is on display if you catch my drift
 YAS
 It can't be that hard to find u a swimsuit bro. Ur just picky. I think you need to show a little thigh òè
 Does one even fit you
 Thigh, bro my penis is clearly visible
 The other two fit
 Just the way I like it
 òò
 ò
 
 My swimsuit I'm keeping
 Isn't it pretty
 Nice
 Now to work on my highs
 Thighs
 òèòè
 Ive been getting so many compliments from family members
 It's not good for my ego
 Uh oh
 I've been told I can be a model
 Will u be able to get on the plane
 Nope
 Or will you have to buy two seats
 Oh lord
 We'll crash because of the massive girth of my head
 Lmao which one 
 òèòè
 I screenshotted to Vaidu
 And she said this
 
 
 òò
 I'm hexausted babers
 I had a single chicken finger today
 Lol get some foooods
 Lol I'm trying but ppl are continually changing
 And also can't decide on a place to eat
 Oh noes
 I'm still at work, there's a happy hour I'm kind of avoiding right now
 Look who I just followed on Instagram
 
 Baby
 Today is apparently international shitposting day
 Imgur is filled with weird shit
 Lmao
 I want that puppers
 But I also want to go through his Instagram with you bc it's really cute
 Bottom left is how I feel right now
 Face swapping a cat and a doggo
 
 So apparently they do have a GoFundMe
 No idea how long ago they set it up
 Aw that's good. You got a link?
 I just shattered my phone :( welp
 Not yet but
 òê
 Aww hunnie
 It slipped betwix my fingers in betwix those texts
 Are you eligible for a new phone?
 You've had it for almost 2 yrs right?
 Yeah but I'd wanna wait for the next version
 I have a backup phone from BLK I can find and use or just get this one fixed up
 That works I suppose
 This phone is shattered pretty bad
 I don't have peices of it
 Oh shit
 Where did you drop it
 A few blocks away from my apt
 
 I'm walking back from groceries
 Nooo
 
 
 I did end up finding the link tho
 https://www.gofundme.com/2gzxtgc
 Carrots?
 Are they responsible for your phone shattering?
 That's the produce section u ass
 From the grocery store
 Yus
 
 Aww pupper
 Doggo
 My phone :( no
 
 I'm sad but I found my backup phone! So what's new with you today
 Nothing baber
 Aside from finding out about that godfundme thing and not sleeping much
 Are u in Stamford or new haven? And why no sleep?
 Eh probably a few things
 Stress and heat and my stupid tailbone cyst
 :( oh no it's back and giving you trouble?
 Yeah it's not really that bad this time but it's never super fun when it's tender
 awe im sorry you're feeling super shitty babers. lemme know if there is anything i can do
 Eh I dunno
 We just need to sort all this family drama out
 aw
 im gonna go through and see if i got any payments for half of that from you. can you also check on your end pls
 so i see in my chase account i paid 2,650.76 for the resort, thats the full amount. it was paid on feb 3rd.<<first text i didnt know if it was sent or not
 Hey can u call you back in a bit
 sure
 so i see in my chase account i paid 2,650.76 for the resort, thats the full amount. it was paid on feb 3rd.
 https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4vgtc0/my_cat_alice_has_marble_fur/
 Hey dude 
 Hey hunns
 Can I call you'd
 Yous*
 Sure
 Is this yours or should I toss?
 
 It might be? Idr
 U want to use it or have me toss it?
 I think it's urs but idk since when
 I was unpacking boxes and found it lol
 hey babe hope u have a good week
 ill see you in four days
 Aww see you soon hunnigans
 
 i think emily is planning to get here by Fri night, fyi
 Okay
 Got my fitbit back up n running
 This afternoon
 ooh
 is this the new one they sent u
 or u got ur old one working again?
 It's a new one
 sweet
 baby lmao at this article. http://fashionista.com/2016/06/lululemon-q1
 anti ball crushing  is this a real concern?
 I mean that's the other 50% of why pants don't fit me
 Oh. U got some giant balls on you eh òèò
 ò
 Grapefruits instead of grapes
 I'm sorry I'm so weird but you love it
 çí
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/57ENhPB
 OH I saw the cutest golden yesterday
 
 Lol I saw that this morning
 and u didnt share
 how rude
 :P
 This guy is crazy man, I'll take all the magicarp candies I can get
 lmao
 #goals
 I'm pretty sure reddit agrees
 king of the magikarps
 GUESS WHAT BRO GUESS WHAT
 DR in 3 days?
 I SEE YOU TOMORROW
 i was going to sleep and i thought to remind u to pack condoms lol
 Lol yeah I was thinking about that too
 I'm gonna have to grab some at the store
 oh ok. u want me to?
 If you can remember, go for it
 *buys the glow in the dark ones*
 I'm gonna go to the store either today or tmmr. We should probably both try and remember
 Oh you
 h/okay
 h'okay
 I think there was a simple one we both liked
 I forget which kind it was
 lmao
 i forgot too
 I wanna say it was a thinner one? Idk if you liked the ribs or the odd lubey ones
 the odd lubey one
 lol
 u make that sound like such a winner there
 Lol well I don't mean the standard ones that come with lube. There was one that had a warming/stimulating lube that didn't feel right
 firecrotch amirite
 òèòè
 thats the spirit!
 you get a whoooole week of this
 *motions to self*
 happy birthday to you indeed
 OH we need to pick up bday cards for anton and julie too
 Lolol
 Okay
 Should I stop at papyrus on the way down?
 Where is there a papyrus?
 Grand central
 oh. right. maybe.
 Are u bringing cash for tipping?
 I guess I will
 http://i.imgur.com/zc2MHFV.gifv
 i want one pls
 Lol a stuffed animal with some sharp bits
 http://i.imgur.com/kcJvxW8.jpg
 
 lmao what
 how? why? so weird!
 Idk but watching that makes me so happy
 why
 i mean i can see u
 being all cute
 and smiling
 and being like baby look and laughing
 it made me laugh too
 but wat
 -___- ur my little weirdo and i get to see u tomorrow
 òòò
 òòòòòò
 Baby I'm so bored
 me toooo
 ME TOO DUDE
 you wanna come down so we can cuddle and do it? *eyebrow waggle*
 òèòè
 we have to pick up our after sun stuff from duty free
 fyi
 its sold out here
 and the clarins stuff is the best for healing suburns
 iam going to walk over now
 
 
 You're here on the 30th right
 Vaidu farted something fierce
 And we're in a cab pls send help
 No
 I am not
 O wait
 I am
 Lmao
 We gots a reservation
 Where we wanted yay
 Text me back I'm drunk
 òîòêòòèèèèèèèèèè
 òèòè
 òò
 Lmao
 U want a pic?
 
 I'm watching stranger things on Netflix
 Gonna crap my pants soon
 òòòòì
 
 I heard that was really good
 Yeah it's super 80s
 Awe barbers
 U should shave that
 Why do you hate me
 I want to see ur chin
 Are u secretly jay Leno?
 
 Send nudes pls
 ò
 
 Guess who stained her mattress last night
 And not in the fun way either
 Ouch
 I woke up late for work and I am not packed or ready in any way
 
 Aw
 Come down tomorrow
 Can I call pls
 
 Dat polarization bro
 babe i need your passport
 info
 lets check in tonight
 My car got broken into
 Oh no
 What happened? Are you ok? What did they take?
 I don't know
 Looks like ten bucks in cash
 But I'm worried I had something important
 That I'm not accounting for
 I had an old wallet in there
 Make sure you have your passport, insurance cards etc on you now
 Call cc company and have them

 I'm worried I had my SS card or an ID with one in it
 Cc I have on me
 Also that would be too much
 If your wallet or purse containing your Social Security Card is stolen, contact your local police department immediately to file a theft report. You should also contact SSA directly at 1-800-772-1213 to request a replacement Social Security Card.
 did you file a police report already for this?
 (for ur car)
 https://oig.ssa.gov/report-fraud-waste-or-abuse/what-cant-oig-investigate
 I don't know if my SS card was stolen or not
 I'm looking for my keys to my lockbox
 I can't find those damn things wother
 ok
 well if you need to call to get a replacement or report theft thats how u do it. hopefully its somewhere.
 I'm not coming tonight
 Gonna have to file a police report and call ssa
 And ftc
 jesus, thats way more important. take care of that and let me know if there is anything i can help with please.
 Sure
 whats ftc?
 Federal trade commission
 They would be the ones to investigate and prosecute fraud
 oh. that makes sense
 im sorry this happened to you babe. keep me posted and i cant wait to spend next week with you.
 It just sucks man
 I have basically 24 hours to get this all done
 And I have to pack
 And also my entire apartment is upside down cos I was looking for the card
 i know babe, i know. want me to come up and help you pack? or maybe send u my packing list?
 Maybe the list but there's no point in you coming up
 dont worry about that apt. just get ur stuff in order
 and you can always meet us at the airport or head down late fri night to give you more time for this.
 Silver lining at least this is promoting me to throw shit out
 I already got rid of 3 garbage bags worth of junk
 Also my SSN already got stolen last year from bcbs
 wat
 did u just figure this out now?
 The cyber attackd
 No
 ohhhhh
 I've known about it since a year and a half ago
 They gave me free credit monitoring but it expires in about 6 months
 I signed up for monitoring of my own this afternoon
 good.
 my insurance does it for me
 i get a daily report from them in my email.
 geico..
 i saved 15%
 AND MORE
 Car insurance or apt?
 
 Both
 OK so you wanna see something psych level suspicious?
 Yes
 
 It's an offer for identity theft protection
 Lmao
 That's crazy
 I signed up for their competitor though so... I guess failed convoluted plan?
 Ruh Roh
 Better break a window next time to be sure
 ò
 So guess whst
 What
 Turns out I didn't lose my SS after all
 òê
 I found it in a different extra wallet
 òòò
 But umm
 Ummm?
 Should I call the police and tell them
 That I didn't have it stolen
 Lmao JK BROS LOL
 Yes
 Umm
 So they told me to call back later
 òê
 My face right now
 I think they have a situation down at the precinct
 I'm happy but now I sound like a moron to all of the people I need to call back
 You're not a moron
 I told my landlord about it
 She is gonna review the tapes from the other night
 Cool
 Hey booper, now that I'm starting to get back to vacation stuff, can I send u my passport info for the check in?
 I'm so over it right now
 Send it but I won't be checking in until later
 I was all looking forward for your cuddles to soothe my cramps too òî
 Awww baby
 I was too
 Today has been pretty stressful
 
 https://i.redd.it/ihzby7pjbidx.gif
 Hey huns I'm making my way to the train station now
 You feeling okaym
 ?
 I'm planning on picking up some meds, etc from Duane Reade on the way over so let me know if there's anything I can pick up for you
 GET ME A GIANT PEACH
 ?
 Okay jamed
 James
 James
 And the giant peach
 òê
 òê
 
 Oh I've been watching Bob's burgers
 Really getting into it
 Good news
 They have it in grey!
 
 ò
 That was clever wasn't it
 Babe the pain started again
 I'm sitting down right now with heating pad but it hurts. I wish I had Vicodin lol
 We just made dinner reservations
 Now we're walking around
 I'm at bfast having coffees
 Where are youuuu
 Are you alive?
 Hellos
 Hellloooooo
 Just got in range
 I was looking for my room key
 I didn't find it
 
 Calls don't even work just text me what you need hun
 Yo please come back
 Okay
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 èàèèàèòèòè
 WIFI!
 INTERNETS!
 IVE MISSED YOU
 weefee baby weefee
 Georges flight deets are on snapchat
 There u go
 
 Oh wait why is he coming here before? Is this to cancun? Nvm ignore
 Hiiiii 
 Hii
 I'm booted
 I have internet
 Booored*
 And my foot itches
 Me too
 I'm hot
 Scratch scratch scratch
 òèòè
 ò
 Yeah u are
 
 ò
 ò
 
 Yay getting off
 The lady sitting next to me was really nice. She gave me her peanuts
 That's nice
 Meet you by customs
 K
 Are u with Emily?
 No
 I can't go back tho
 Ok. I texted her too
 We figured we should try to get to bags asap
 Ok she's in line
 Yup
 My foot itches bro
 What do
 WHAT DO
 I'm hot
 It feels inflamed
 Take yer pants off
 Scratch it?
 Duh
 And create a big welt from a bug bite on the bottom of my foot which I have to step on all day?
 Sure sure
 Are you watching the TSA commercial bro?
 No
 Should I be
 They pulled a lizard out of a bag
 Why is this kid screaming shut up u little shit
 And the mom just goes "really?" To her kid who shrugs at her
 Can I give him some whiskey
 Baby why is the line not moving nao
 Maybe my pet lizard loves to travel
 Bc the line in front isn't moving
 Gah
 You're hot. I know. I've heard it and seent it
 Also did you pass the computer portion of the line?
 òè
 No were like 5/6 in line waiting
 O
 Someone fainted
 That's why it's closed
 Oh
 Like I said
 It's hot
 Should I leave
 GOD IM TRYING OK
 Is it moving now?
 Lolol
 They closed half of this side
 The dude threw up and fainted
 What dude
 So lines are moving half as fast
 TSA or tourist
 Some dude from the airplane. I dunno he's a passenger
 Ok
 They have nypd and tsa ppl here
 I can see now
 They are opening something else up so should be moving soon
 He looks conscious
 Aw the puppers on the tv
 Now
 Aw I missed it
 Hopefully he is ok
 They haven't let any more ppl through the computer area
 So we'll grab your bag when we get on the other side
 Ok
 And I'll auction it off to the highest bidder
 Sounds good?
 òÅ
 You guys are moving?
 Yes so are you
 Now I ç†
 Did the cab driver give us a price for the trip?
 78?
 Ok
 It's a flat fee
 Sounds like a pretty reasonable rate
 I'm so pissed about my camera
 Ugh
 I'm sorry hunns
 
 I'm glad you remembered it
 But nothing I can do about it now
 Just anxious
 Yeah at least I remembered
 Yeah, bright side is you have a really good chance of recovery
 True
 If you get stuff filled out we should go there next fri-sat
 Yeah I was going to say
 We got this
 I love you
 I had a wonderful time
 I can't wait to see you on Friday
 òòò
 Happy birthday week bro
 HBDWB
 BRO. BROOOOOOOOO.
 Awwww babies
 I HAVE FOOD
 òòòòò
 AND WINE
 YAS
 I love you hunnz
 Well get your camera back ò
 Dont forget to fill out those forms
 I just found the best Indian food place near me
 I need to take you
 This tastes like home cooked food
 Oo let's do it hunnies
 I would like
 Friday
 It's a date
 And they deliver yay
 Wooo
 I'm hungry bro
 I'm getting my favorite food when I get back
 I kinda wish I stayed
 Aw i know barbers
 But you'll feel better not having to travel tomorrow I promise
 But I miiss you
 You'll see me on Friday
 I'm here barbers
 Barbers?
 Babers
 Damn autocorrect
 ÇÇ
 
 Wow they have a surprising variety of emojis
 Ok I'm bringing you here and we're gonna get an order of coconut naan and saag paneer
 Yuss
 Then we can get tikka or some chicken dish
 And a daal
 An extra naan
 And le fin
 IM SO HUNGRY
 ò
 This food tastes like my mom made it. And there's barely any oil
 That's really awesome
 I'm so happy and excited
 òÅ
 Now I want sex and sleep. Not necessarily in that order
 Simultaneously?
 òò
 Lmao
 I'm gonna get home at midnight
 Next train leaves at 1026
 You'll be happy you did tomorrow when you wake up at noon with nowhere else to travel
 Yeah
 Sleepy jim
 ò
 Lol
 Are you at Stamford station
 Not yet
 We're in traffic on 95
 What exit
4
 I'm so close
 Ish
 Ooh
 I heard you're at Stamford station
 I am I am
 Train is a comong
 Awe
 I just hit my calorie burn target for the day
 Lol does that happen often
 Yeah probably a couple days a week
 I'm in bed come cuddles pls
 I would love to babers
 But I'm a good ways away now
 Then night night
 òí
 Daww
 Have a good sleep baber
 I miiss you
 Almost home, just got in the uber. Gonna probably hit the pillow and pass out immediately
 Hi babies
 Babers*
 Lemme know when you're aliiive
 Give me a call when you're free plz
 Why is your number no working
 Call me again
 Call failed
 Anyways we'll find out later this week if anything is possible
 So let's see
 
 òê
 òò
 What's the òê for
 òê
 òò
 òê
 I said a òò
 Lol
 Now tell me
 ò
 
 
 
 Lmao
 Oh you
 Hey man you made the face, not me
 My subway car has no AC. I'm dying. So gross.
 Shit man, that's awful
 :(
 my standing desk is stuck standing babers
 what do
 WHAT DO
 Lolol
 Check underneath to make sure the cable is still plugged in fully
 its all ok
 nada
 the electricianw ill come in later this week tho hopefully
 *Stands*
 Send a pic of the underside dood
 You can just stand all day an pretend you're super healthy
 
 
 
 I checked em all
 No works
 Worky*
 Bummer
 Start making the Tina anxiety cry
 Someone will come
 
 Lol flop on the floor
 Ha ha haha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haha ha
 http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F_XaIuw6K6Q
 lol aw
 Babe call me back please
 Shit baby I'm so worried
 :(
 It sucks what happened
 I don't know
 Hopefully this will be a blessing in disguise for Vaidu
 I'm hoping it will. But /sigh
 Give her some time to figure out what she wants to do
 I will. I dunno what to do tonight
 Do I take her out for food? Bring her something?
 Just don't let her fall into the trap of thinking her coming back to the US was a mistake
 Maybe go get some food with her
 Maybe bring francis
 I'll do my best. I'm sure she blames herself for that move.
 Him hating his job and switching might help give her a little perspective
 Ooh good call. I'll talk to her and then I'll see if he can join. I'm so worried.
 Help her as much as you are able hunns
 If there's anything I can do I will do it
 Thanks babe I'm sure she will appreciate it
 Sure
 I think the best thing I would do is just help her to think positively
 I'm almost crying in this cab. Gotta dry up before I see her
 Then have her reach out to ppl for connections and job postings
 You got this hunns
 Be strong for her
 She has a great resume. She will land somewhere great
 Yeah
 If beatta is able to land a management position I'm sure Vaidu can find something that works well for her
 She took her practice gmat and got a 680. Which is impressive
 Just saying
 Lmao
 So there is no severance
 Just an extra 2 weeks
 Seriously?
 Really doesn't seem like the kind of place she should be working anyways
 Awe you're awesome baby I love you
 Aww I love you too Hunnies. An I did nothing. Vaidu has a good support system
 Plus she's talented. She'll be able to benefit from this a ton
 Aw
 You're sweet
 òò
 
 Lmao
 
 Can I keep him
 
 YAD
 Yas
 Baby I just had a thought
 If Vaidu is doing GMAT studying and has a different schedule than u
 You guys could totally get a pupper
 Lmao
 Baby
 my desk is still stuck standing
 bro
 Lolol
 Gonna be in shape
 its not even the correct height tho
 :(
 so sad
 Rough day bro
 my table is the perfect height for my tummy to sit on
 https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4xzbuf/majestic_subject_with_its_painting/
 http://thepointsguy.com/2016/08/deal-alert-us-to-cambodia-from-426/
 U can leave from jfk, use/book via chase points
 And it's thru 2017
 
 Why can't I just vacation forever /sigh
 
 https://angel.co/pave/jobs/131740-data-scientist-consumer-marketing
 they reached out to beata, she said shes not looking but could reccommend someone
 if you are interested bro
 
 I sent u her email and his contacts too
 i also saw this - https://angel.co/bond-street/jobs/60067-data-scientist
 What are your plans for Saturday
 https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4xz2ly/is_this_legal/
 
 You up?
 You called?
 Yes. Last night. Wanted to talk before bed
 Everything okay? Or you just wanted to chat
 Just wanted to chat
 
 Lol
 The weather is perfect today
 hey
 so my parents are going to probably be done with thir thing around 11pm/mdnight so they will most likely want to come over around that time.
 and my mom wants to see vaidu (blech i dont want to see mom but whatever)
 Okay hunn
 George got back to me. His flight lands at 10
 okay cool
 10pm right
 Yep 10pm
 Also can you give me the name of the leather bag place one more time
 cuyana
 https://www.cuyana.com/leather-travel-case-set.html#pearl-grey
 https://www.cuyana.com/leather-travel-case-set.html#olive
 Do you think blue brown or black?
 Or as an alternative
 https://www.cuyana.com/crossbody-pouch.html#stone
 i saw that too
 i liked it, whichever one you think she will use more
 Okay. I'm thinking she would probably use the purse more but idk
 She doesn't travel a ton except her drives up to Stamford once or twice per year
 they are just nice pouches
 doesnt have to be for travel
 can help her organize her purse, etc. or put her makeup in there, or whatever
 if u think she will use the bag more, get that.
 Right right
 its just a nice quality w/ a great price point and you get it engraved
 Okay yeah
 You're right
 I think the pouches are a little more personal
 Any pref on color?
 whats her favorite color?
 Ummm
 Possibly green
 if she likes bright colors then the blue or teal
 The purse I've seen her carry around is a light brown color kinda like your largish bag
 well it goes in the bag
 so she can either match it
 OR she can just have a bright pop of color
 for COLOR the blue, red or pistachio are pretty
 to match the grey, stone,  ecru, blush or olive
 wouldnt matter too much. i dont really know your moms well....but something is telling me the blue or teal would be good for her
 the pearl grey is nice
 the inside of that matches the outside of your moms bag
 and can match any other color bag or more less
 I'm asking Bruce if he knows what color her bag is
 I'll order based on that and your advice
 Oh also I got my new work laptop yesterday evening
 I've been setting it up today
 oh
 ps they havent found my camera yet
 :(
 :(
 Did they respond to you?
 yes
 they dont have an update
 i.e. it wasn't found
 I CALLED AS WELL
 Omg
 I hope they find it hunners
 Otherwise I know what I'm getting you for your bday
 lolol
 doooont you dont has to
 i really want to use that flight deal i saw to cambodia tho.
 Let's look into it hun
 It can be my vacation for the year
 the flight is way too cheap for me to just avoid it lol
 Lol
 BUT i'd want to go for like 2 weeks
 lets see
 Sure
 Yeah that's something we gotta discuss a good amount
 exactly.
 i also saw flights to eastern europe for 150 roundtrip
 but not like sweden or anything
 Whaa
 I guess there's not a lot of demand for eastern euro
 Esp right now
 http://thepointsguy.com/category/deal-alerts/
 he has a TON of them posted
 theres 400$ to milan/JFK
 ones to toyko, hawaii, etc
 Oo
 I would love to visit Japan and sweden
 i saw paris and london there too
 just bookmark that site lol
 Hawaii would be pretty sweet too
 Lol I should
 Also CERN
 Would be cool
 lol yep
 we could also swimg by denmark
 and go to NOMA
 swing*
 Yeah
 Maybe swim over to norway
 Hang out on some fjords
 yup.
 I also kinda still wanna check out some other us cities
 me toooo
 we havent done that
 West coast maybe?
 oh there was just a jfk to west coast (sf/la) eal for like a hundo RT
 but i fink it expired
 it was jet blue or soething
 Oo
 when they have their sale we should just jump on it next
 What time frame tho
 i dunno. usually what happens is one airline does a sale
 and the others are like NOT COOL BRO
 Yeah
 and sale too
 Generally it's 1-3 months from the date of sale
 From what I've seen at lesdt
 yeah. the jet blue 2 day sales are a much closer timeframe
 Do u 
 Do I ?
 yes
 do u ?
 I don't get it bro
 Do I wave?
 Do I hello?
 you're gonna send me a cat gif arnt u
 lol
 do u jazz hands
 
 i knews it
 ò
 whats wrong with u
 nro
 bro*
 tsk tsk
 Baby you clearly wanted me to send u a cat gif
 Don't even play
 noooo i did not. i wanted u to wave back at me.
 WITHOUT QUESTIONS
 
 
 lol fail
 what are you doing now
 im so bored omg
 Hey hon
 Hey babers
 Did you reach out to the recruiter yet? Beata is asking
 He's reached out to her and i think she wants to know if she should mention you or not in a response
 I was gonna msg you this morning actually. There's no description of the position in the e-mail
 Or the company
 That's why I chatted you a link to it here
 https://angel.co/pave/jobs/131740-data-scientist-consumer-marketing
 Okay thanks
 Literally right before my chat saying I emailed u
 It's so many pages of text up in WhatsApp it might as well be lost
 True, good thing im here to scroll up for you
 I knew I kept you around for a reason
 Sure I guess it works
 Lol
 If you don't wanna do it u don't have to
 It's fine
 I don't fit any of the qualifications dealing with finance/marketing but I guess that doesn't matter at all
 Well if it's not what u want to do then u can let me know and I'll tell Beata not to push it
 Nah it's fine. I'll email the recruiter.
 So my most recent resume is on your laptop
 Oh. It's at home
 Damn
 And Vaidus at work
 I don't think I changed too much but I definitely modified one or two important points
 Do u think u can just email the guy and be like hey I got ur contacts from Beata when do u want to chat
 And then buy time until tonight?
 Idk
 Just email him
 And get him on a call to chat
 Or just send him what u have
 And talk to him
 I edited some stuff on my phone, it's reasonably up to date now
 You think this works?
 Sure babes. What works ?
 
 ^
 That sounds great
 Add your phone number or say something more active at the end of the second paragraph
 What time works for you for us to chat
 Chat about the role*
 And then send :)
 Okay cool
 I'm ccing beata
 Sounds good
 Okay done
 Now i gotta get back to all the ppl who have been emailing me frantically about work nonsense
 Good luck
 Also is it cool if I come down tonight
 Woah
 Of course
 Are u packed now
 This is so sudden
 But I love it
 Lol
 I am driving down
 I have a backpack with some clothes but its nbd to run and get what I need
 Ok
 I have a weeks worth of boxers for u
 And socks
 Apparently
 Was hoping to fit a car wash/oil change in as well but the ppl I go to close too early
 Lol awesome
 I am apparently out of t-shirts as well
 Again
 lol
 what time do u think u will be here
 He just called lol
 I was not prepared
 I wrote notes in the conference room on drafting paper with dry erase markers
 lol
 you're my favorite
 how'd it go
 Fine I think. I was just lucky to close the concernce room door before he asked me anything too incriminating
 what did he ask u
 whats next steps
 i wasnt expeciting him to call like NOW
 lol
 Yeah I asked him what time works
 No warning yo
 It's good I picked up too, I had 2 spambot calls 15 minutes earlier
 oh no. did he ask u resume stuff or data science stuff
 is he gonna call u later?
 It was very standard recruitery stuff as far as I could tell
 Tell me about yourself
 What's your salary
 Are you focused on NYC or can other places work for you
 oh cool
 He said he'll get my resume to Pave and Cognical
 That's another similar company
 interesting
 he must be paid on commision or something, hes hustling.
 He's a recruiter not employed directly by any one company
 yeah, i thought they got a cut of the deals they made
 i could be wrong
 Seems pretty par for the course as far as my experience
 Most likely
 regardless, at least thats done and over with. at least the lead turned up.
 Yep
 He was saying 100k base range so that's reasonable
 good
 thats always negotiable but ta least the range is decent
 Yeah
 Equity would be nice
 yeah they typically will give that to u
 This guy moves fast
 I just got a call from him, he's got me a phone interview tmmr
 Everyone should be like him
 Yay congrats baby. Which one and when?
 Again I had to basically run to the conference room
 Yeah that's what I did at blk. "Could you please hold for a minute while I grab a room to chat"
 He's gonna send me an email
 Damn
 That guy is the usain bolt of recruiting 
 Lolz
 My chair is being fixed yay
 Woo
 Gonna raise my standing desk in celebration
 Desk* it's the transmission
 It does down and doesn't go back up
 It's at knee height now
 And I've commandeered the desk next to mine
 The transmission?
 That's what the dude said
 Whatever makes it go up is broken
 Is your desk an automatic or manual
 Automatic
 Bro
 How many mpg
 Lmao its electric
 Baby it's not a car
 (Boogie woogie woogie)
 Says u. You've never seen this baby before
 Does it have several gears while lifting a total of 3 feet?
 Vroom vroom
 Push that baby into 5th gear and it really purrs
 Lmao
 So What time are you expecting to be here's babe
 Probs late? 9?
 That'd be my guess, prob 9ish
 I have to stay till probably 630 today and I would guess traffic is not great before then anyways
 Okie
 Hey Hun I left work a little while ago
 Maps says 1hr 45ish
 Yay
 We're down the streets
 Word
 I would like to chill pls
 Save a seat for mee
 I'm gonna be full o booze
 Oooh YAS
 Let's do drink
 Have u had dinner?
 Or u wanna chill and grab eats too?
 I am gonna prob want food
 I did thai food Friday today cos I won't be here tmmr
 Ok
 So it was a good amt of food but I still need more
 Yeah we can grab food with you
 Cool
 It's gonna be late tho
 I'm not hungry
 It's fine
 http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/business/dealbook/goldman-sachs-to-offer-an-online-lender-for-the-masses.html
 Everyone wants to get in on that business
 
 lol yup
 good luck on ur interviews hons
 Thanks babers
 Hey booper, do you like this as a follow up email?
 
 I think it went pretty well, got a follow up call from Jesse like 2 minutes afterwards
 That dude is a hustler
 damn what did he say
 sounds good dude
 how was it
 I'm gonna send it off then
 That's the first thing he asked
 I think it went well
 Pretty standard first interview
 nice
 what else did he say? did u ask what their timeline looked like?
 in terms of hiring
 Info about me, then a series of questions about building a model, then my questions for him
 It was supposed to be 30 mins, went 45ish
 Timeline seems fast based on initial info but he didn't give me specifics
 They just got a round of funding this month
 interesting
 I would have liked to ask him more questions but he had to go
 I did my research, had a nice 3 page doc of research and talking points
 thats good
 good luck babers
 i heard you were talkin bout your thesis
 Thanks huns
 Oh yeah he was asking about logistic regression models
 That's what my thesis was based on, roughly
 aw
 Natural light
 Like the beer?
 
 That's my moms main purse
 I like pearl grey and ecru
 Ask vaidu
 I'd get the grey
 Good guy Bruce
 I think she's a-napping
 Or maybe ecru bc it matches that hardware better
 I dunno
 Ecru looks pretty cool with the orange detail
 I like pistahio and pearl grey too
 Pistachio won't match
 I think I'm gonna get the pearl grey
 Okie
 I like the way it contrasts with the color on the insidr
 
 Oh yah that's gorg
 Get her initials bro
 can i come home
 or are u gonna be lame and working
 I'm done lol
 I have been watching weird YouTube videos for the past hour
 I just ordered it with her initiald
 lmao
 DJR
 Super classy
 awe
 yay
 Looks like we're meeting up with Emily
 Rob is here too
 Lmao
 Have fun :)
 We're cuddling in bed right now.
 I miss you
 Aww
 I miss you hunns
 Hi
 Hey hunnies
 
 How was your weekend?
 It's good it's good
 I'm tired af
 Tell me about it. What did you do?
 We went out and hung out, then met up with Emily and crea
 Hung out till about 2 then went back to his house
 We were up early hanging out too
 Sounds like you need your sleep then
 How's George doing? Is his grandmother ok?
 She's in surgery now but things are looking good
 What happened ?
 I'm not sure on the specifics
 Oh ok. I'm sorry to hear. Anyways you ready for the week?
 Lol prob not
 Ended up watching all of stranger things last night
 Lol how'd you like it
 I probably missed a lot because I've been running on 2 hours of sleep, but it was really good
 Netflix really picked a winner with that show
 Lol
 It was good
 How was the weekend with your parents?
 It was fine
 I got into a fight with vaidu this mornin
 Now I'm late for work
 Aww
 I hope you have a good week despite its start
 Thanks babe, you too. You gonna live off of that coffee iv drop
 Drip
 so we booked our india trip
 and are going to do india/cambodia
 over xmas and new years
 my dad got a great deal on tickets to mumbai so he bought it before it was too late
 Oh famn
 Damn*
 Just got a call from Jesse, we're scheduling a second round of phone calls with the underwriter and the founder
 Fingers crossed babers
 ooh nice
 good luck
 Thanks babes
 I'm gonna try to do some good research on these guys so I have a good idea on what to expext
 when am i seeing you next?
 Wed night I'd be coming down if thats okay for you
 Wfh at your place on Thur until about 2 then go to jfk
 I still haven't heard about Richmond
 let me ask vaidu. should be fine tbh
 ignore richmond. they are super late and whatever meh u have ur pto
 Those guys are annoying to work with
 its fine babe
 Most of them are great but our main contact is very abraisive
 We've had people in that guy's company go and calm him down on conference calls before
 Idk how he's lead on P3
 
 
 Hi
 http://i.imgur.com/C1eJ5TB.gif
 So I heard you were also invited to Lupis lake house on the 10th
 Yeah. My work summer picnic is also scheduled on the 10th tho
 Oh. You gonna go to that bro?
 I was thinking about it bro
 Could always go up after the picnic is over
 True
 Why don't u do that?
 I told Emily I'd go up that weekend.
 Would you wanna come to the picnic with me?
 I have mixed feelings about it
 You don't have to come if you don't want to
 Lol thank you Huns
 I want to be there to support you. But I don't know if it's the best idea for me to be there
 Why not?
 I mean most people are bringing other ppl, and the event is pretty casual
 But if you don't feel comfortable that's totally fine
 Bc I easily anger and ur job is always a touchy subject
 http://thepointsguy.com/2016/08/chase-sapphire-preferred-vs-chase-sapphire-reserve/
 You see the new chase card?
 Yes it looks cool
 At volleyball
 GOOD LUCK WITH UR ITNERVIEW CALL ME AFTER LOVE YOU
 Thanks hunns will do
 I gotta lotta questions for the underwriter
 
 so i told beata/sas/vaidu about it and beata wants to give u a tip
 "Always say ur language agnostic"
 "People love that shit"
 Lmao language agnostic
 I thought that was only something that described IDEs like jupyter
 'The world "agnostic" is derived from the ancient Greek for "don't know".'
 I realize the phrase doesn't mean that, but I can't help but love the irony of telling someone you're agnostic
 lol
 beata also said stalk ur next interviewer on linked in and social media
 so u can engage them w/ their interests
 I've been stalking them already
 That's not a bad idea
 lolol good
 Find out they're into paddleboarding or something
 yeah beata is a beast when it comes to getting ppl to like her
 Just casually mention that I went the other day
 lolol
 exactly
 gah
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/H0wpO
 aww
 Baby baby also
 
 I want one pps
 Pls
 u had ur chance bro
 u failed miserably
 when are you leaving bro
 Lol
 I left work but I'm still packing
 I won't make 545 but I will make 645
 So o guess 9ish again
 I have a headache too
 Fun
 So I don't have body wash
 Can u grab some on ur way in?
 Lol sure
 Almost at grand central now
 Yay
 I just got back from a run
 I'll be there in like 45 min
 Oo
 Ok
 How wS it
 It was sucky
 i just took a survey on our stay at the paradisus and ripped them apart lol
 Lmao nice
 (in gene voice) WE DESERVED MORE CHOCOLATE!
 omg baby
 read this
 https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4zhiq9/my_boyfriend_23m_convinced_me_22f_to_gain_some/
 That's really destructive
 i stopped eating my oatmeal when i read that one lol
 Lol
 i ate too much bro
 so much ragrats
 SO MUCH.
 i had to unbutton my pants
 #sexy
 Lmao
 I had oatmeals
 I'm hungry for lunch now tho
 are u at the airport?
 I'm on my way. It's taking a long ass time though, just nothing but traffic the whole way
 ok
 all be fine
 ull*
 update?
 Yeah I'm fine lol
 I'm at shakeshack waiting for food
 It took 10 mins to get through security
 lolol
 shakeshack. nice.
 enjoy babers
 whatcha get
 u get the chicken stack?
 Yup I diid
 lmao i KNEW IT
 I'm so hungry
 tell me how it is
 I will
 did u also get a burger
 It looks good on the picture
 lol aw
 No but I got fries
 oooh
 There's a panda express next door and I want
 It was legit
 Smaller than a Wendys version but way tastier
 lol
 Just landed
 I'm hungry again
 Something about air travel always makes me eat way more than usual
 I'm being super awk at this company event I dunno why
 Aw
 Have a drink or two?
 You're still the newbie
 I'm two deep
 And not anymore
 Did anyone else end up bringing on plus 1s?
 Nope
 Weird
 Awk turtle baby
 Why
 
 Exactly
 You should show them pictures of dogs
 That stuff seems to calm me down
 Lol
 Hi babes
 Hi huns
 There's no one in today
 Why am I here
 Lmao
 You can always go home bro
 No I can't my boss won't let me
 But he mentioned something about leaving at noon
 Lol
 Who is your boss
 gary
 Did I meet him?
 yu
 yup*
 he's the short one
 The guy who was talking about his 4 hour commute?
 And him coming home to his wife smelling like alcohol
 That guy seemed nice
 lolol yup
 http://www.thejay.com/wp-content/3seashells.jpg
 Lolol the three seashells
 Lol u get me
 What time is ur flight on tues
 When does it land
 6 i think
 Hey can you call me for a sec?
 
 I called Jesse back. No answer from the office at pave so he's just going to reschedule for me once they call back
 Okay cool
 Enjoy dinner babe
 Thanks babers
 It was good
 Which cold brew coffee maker did you get?
 I got something that's technically meant for tea
 2 quart I think it was takeya
 Okie you
 Ty*
 Whatcha doing now
 Huh huh huh
 Having some coffee with my mom and bruce
 Lookin at Amazon for stuff to buy
 Ooh whatcha got
 Whatcha need
 More beardoil
 Lolol
 And felt pads for my table and chairs
 Oh and I think I'm gonna get another beard brush for just travel
 òò
 òòòò
 What are you doing babers?
 Watching HGTV?
 Best Buy is supposed to come
 But hasn't yet
 I think we're gonna get some cleaning done today, I wanna get some reading done, maybe go for a run. Have dinner tonight w/ Vicky
 Cool cool
 http://i.imgur.com/NWvZzOH.gif
 Lmao
 So there's a hidden restaurant in the back room of torst that just won a Michelin star
 Isn't that crazy
 Whaaaa
 Ikr
 That's what that back room is for
 Sweet
 We should go bro
 Lolol
 YAS
 I'm trying a sample of a mask and my pores 
 
 O hey there
 U look like you should be on the cover of some movie poster babers
 So determined
 I bought two new shirts from old navy also
 Gray and black ones
 Lol
 How original
 Grey and black
 I know I'm so excited :D
 I actually saw this really nice looking Heather red shirt and another royal purple one but I couldn't find one in my size
 All XL and xs
 So next weekend were joining Beata and her friends for Labor Day weekend
 Which means I might be hanging out with stelios òê
 But I just kinda wanted to get out of the city lol
 U wanna come up to vermont wif me?
 It's okay I already made these plans. I know you just wanted to be with ur friends it's cool
 It's okay bro
 I'm surprised that beata hangout isn't taking place outside of NYC
 Huh?
 It is outside of nyc. It's somewhere upstate
 Oh okay I sort of thought you implied the hangout would also be in the city
 No I meant I don't want to hang with stelios but I also wanted to get out of the city
 And since we're seeing Emily and company the weekend after
 I figured it would be the lesser of two evils
 I see I see
 Maybe it won't be that bad?
 Hopefully not
 
 I miss you hunns
 Can we do something just me and u soon pls?
 I feel like we haven't had that in ages
 Won't be until the 17th
 I know I know
 So I think I'm gonna rent a zip car to go up next weekend. That way we can just leave when we want without having to worry about dealing with other ppl
 That's a good idea
 You should check standard rentals as well depending on how long youre gonna stay
 It's so expensive gonna be like 200 pp for the two of us to just rent
 I think standard rentals are better if you have them for a few days in a row
 Oh nm that's strange
 Yeah I'll check
 I get 30-40per day with standard rentals but I might get discoints
 All my discount codes are blacked out for Labor Day
 What do u use
 We're getting 150/day for any car
 Via various different websites. We're gonna see if we can borrow Franny's car lol
 Lol
 I'm grabbing my car from my momma
 Franny's gf needs the car on Sunday and Monday lol otherwise it could have been ours
 Baby remember when my nips split open and bled? Well I'm running and it feels like that all over again òòòê
 
 ò
 ò
 I know right
 I'm sooper gassy bro
 I dunno why
 Lol donno
 I'm super bored bro
 Watch bravo!
 My dad doesn't wanna
 Lolol what does he wanna do
 He's been flipping between golf, NASCAR, and little league baseball
 Lol ur worst nightmares
 Sports!
 It's so boring bro
 Those are pretty boring lol
 Can u read something on ur phone
 Lol I have been but I also feel bad not engaging with him
 Aww
 òò
 
 
 Lunch and dinner!
 this winter i want to go skiing
 like, for realsies
 multiple times
 
 Can u talk?
 I can call you in 10
 What's up?
 Sigh stuff with vaidu again
 It's like a broken record I don't know how to fix
 Give me a minute pls
 Ok
 Just call me
 So this response is a no I assume
 
 I'm sorry.
 Okay
 Just because she's going they a breakup doesn't mean that I have to suffer
 
 
 
 Help help help
 Now apparently I'm acting weird bc I'm not talkative this am
 Get ur mom and pixie matching sweaters
 òÅòÅòÅòÅòÅ
 Dixie
 Bro
 And LMAO
 Autocorrect lol I don't type Dixie often
 Gotcga
 My mom calls her "the doodle"
 24 lbs u say
 As in "Dixie doodle"
 OMG
 
 Lmao
 
 Lololol
 
 Can we get it? Pls?
 Loll lol
 I'm having a glass of wine right now
 To calm my nerves
 Lmao
 Let's get a doggo
 
 Can I make her wear people clothes?
 Sure babe
 I love you
 I love you too hunns
 Hey Hun I landed
 Any news?
 Were in the lounge drinking wine and playing a board game with Emily
 You should still plan on coming over
 OK cool
 
 Still musket rooming it up?
 Can u bring snacks
 Trav
 Pls
 Yes not trav
 What
 Oh I see
 I prob will get to u around 715-730
 SNACKS PLS
 òò
 Lmao òòòò
 è
 So are you gonna bring snacks
 Lool
 No
 So I took a cab that was right outside hoping I would make the 730 train
 And?
 The guy tried to take me to Penn station
 Wtf
 I'm sorry hun
 I stopped him when we were on 6th I'm like where are you going guy
 So I'm not making my meeting this morning
 Oh no! I'm really sorry
 To hear that
 Is it a huge deal?
 Idk
 I'm five minutes away from heading out myself
 Roads are pretty busy rn
 Well at least I know never to take a taxi/uber to grand central
 Even if he had gone the right way it still takes at least as long as the subway
 :( did take u via the tunnel?
 It was 30 bucks fare too. He stopped the meter when he realized he took me to the wrong place but it'd be more
 No he took the Williamsburg bridge
 Damn that's why
 Tunnel only saves 4 mins
 Costs 6 bucks toll
 It's been only 20 bones for me tho
 I'm sorry :(
 I'm making myself poop on the train for this
 í
 Im still in the cab bro
 It's been 45 minutes
 Gah :(
 I guess I'm waiting for the 830 train
 At least you can grab coffee? And maybe poop in a coffee shop?
 Lol
 Well in its bathroom
 Just right on the counter
 I'm really sorry baby. You'll be here soon don't worry. Thanks for seeing me I know you didn't have to
 O
 Aww hunns
 So my credit card is also ruined
 ?
 The ticket machine tore up the side of it somehow
 DAMN CABBIE
 u know what I'm going to be right near u lol
 It was the MTA ticket machine
 Damn MTA
 I don't think I get service in here
 D'aww. Well I hope you have a good day and a happy poop and a great interview. íòòò
 Thanks babers òòòòò
 lemme know how it gooooes. they're gonna love you and your beard which is now smooth and not frizzy
 GOOD LUCK
 He had to push the meeting again
 It's 1:30-2 now so at least it's still today
 lol it happens
 good luck
 Ugh I think I messed up
 noon I'm sure you did fine!
 He wanted to leave after 15 mins
 noon*
 It was so saaad
 Nooooon
 tell me what happened! he might have been busy
 He was for sure
 I think I had too much coffee
 what happened? talk me thru it
 He called at 126
 So I gave him the quick summary
 He asked me about how it might relate to credit risk modeling
 I told him
 Then I asked him like 1 question about the company
 okay. and?
 And then he was like, thanks, if you have any more questions reach out to manik
 sounds like he was busy. i don't think u did anything wrong.
 I wanted to have a quick pitch ready and I wiggled it
 wiffed*
 Lolz
 Vaidu also agrees w/ me
 Well I'm off to the hundred other calls I pushed to the side
 Maybe CEO is super busy and doesn't have time if he missed it the first time and kept pushing it the second.
 I think if I don't get this I'm just gonna sign up for bit bootcamp
 thats a good plan
 Sounds like he needs the official seal or approval to hire someone but doesn't have the time to fully interview
 I should not have waited until 1230 to drink Willoughby's
 I am a wee bit shaky
 its ok
 I just called Jesse and let him knoe
 I'm proud of you babe, I'm sure you did fine. just write your thank you note and reach out to the recruiter guy.
 what did he say
 He said yeah just send thank you and wait and see
 If the news is not positive he thinks maybe we can do a redo on a call but we'll see
 thats good. you have jesse in your court. i wouldn't worry about it.
 question: is the only reason why u think u bombed it bc of the time?
 I'm deliriously tired right now. like my body just aches and is vibrating.
 Aww
 I feel you bro
 But as much as I can bc I do not have special lady time
 lol i don't either right now.
 well, cramps coming and going but I'm used to them
 http://i.imgur.com/OcGb35H.gif
 Lmaoo
 He loves his pacifier
 My pillows smell like you
 It's so nice
 So im walking by TOBYS and there's this doggo outside
 And I recognize him. He's from my building
 
 
 I'm on da metro norf
 òêòò
 Are you ok?
 òòò
 Ill be alright I guess
  I wish I was coming up to you
 Not like it's the first time I've been rejected
 I know
 Let's figure out next steps later ok? Well make this work, and I see you next Friday (yay!)
 OMFG my dad is literally driving me nuts
 He's driving we've been driving around in circles
 ITS LIKE TWO BLOCKS AWAY
 *jackie chan meme*
 Lol
 Ugh now I'm in a bad mood and don't even want to eat
 I'm at tarry lodge there's one in new havers too it's really god
 Good*
 But pissed off Aru doesn't eat apparently
 Oh I see
 Dam son
 It's Mario batalis resto
 We should go next time u are here
 Omg yes
 Now Vaidus driving and she's missing every turn
 I might not make it in one piece
 Last time she drove was 6 months ago
 Will u mourn me
 Pls
 Buy a pup in my honor
 
 Baby don't leave me
 I'm trying not to but I might not have a choice lol
 Who will I share dank memes with if ur gone?
 Lol dank memes
 I'm guessing ur still a workin?
 You work so hard. I love you
 I'm @ the gym right now
 I'm going back to the office afterwards to strategize tho
 I love you too hunnies
 Btw I just heard the best luric
 Lyric"
 "yeah, I'm the shit; I should have febreeze on me
 I mean, he's not wrong
 Whatcha gonna strategize about
 What song is that from
 Some trap song, just on my Pandora workout playlist
 Just gotta figure out my next steps for getting a job
 Oh ok. Well let me know if you need help.
 Thanks huns
 Dude were already on 278
 Now we just gots to wait for our stop
 This is so convenient
 It's not bad
 Now I wish I had a car in the city
 Eh idk dudr
 It's not that hard to get where u need to go
 Well visiting my mom for dinners would be so easy
 Visiting you
 Takin road traps
 U knows
 Id have gotten a cheaper apt of I had a car
 I gotcha
 I'm home already
 And I bet she'd appreciate trips like this more
 And I don't have to worry about the grand central nonsense
 Yeah I mean
 Probably part of the appeal of Astoria / slightly further out in brooklyn
 Parking is a bit more available and you can still take the train in
 Tougher commute though
 Yeah but i wouldn't wanna travel an hour to work each way
 Might as well live in Stamford
 Exactly but now it's not like Stamford is any cheaper
 Yeah you just get a house
 Or I guess it's cheaper if you live further out like where Emily is
 True
 Just go on house hunters and get a nice 3 bedroom in Westchester county
 Lolol
 Why are we hgtv ppl
 Just go with it babers
 Honestly tho it's not like there are a lot of amazing shows on network tv
 Bob's burgers and like maybe one or two other ones
 lol I've heard great things about the night of
 But that's HBO
 Yeah that's different I guess
 And a few shows on Netflix
 Idk
 Yup, and those are like binge drinking
 2 days of chaos
 Lolol
 Then you kinda stay away for a little bit
 So they renewed stranger things for 2017
 Looool
 Wanna skype òèòè
 Lol sure baber
 I'm on hangouts now
 Guess it's a pretty big party night for southern
 There are drunk college kids all over
 òê
 http://i.imgur.com/yDqKB1W.gif
 I'll have to watch it later it's not loading bro
 Aw
 It's a goodn
 Aw. I'm getting really troubling cramps. I passed out and drooled on my pillow so hard almost immediately after getting off the phone wit you last night.
 Also it just loaded. Lmao
 this gingerbread oatmeal is really hitting the spot for me right now
 Awwww
 I wish I could come cuddle
 lol samsung is recalling all galaxy note 7s
 and u might not want to, I'm all gassy and just got my period.
 Eh I mean I've been pretty farty myself this morn
 lol *farts together*
 bring gas masks pls
 It'll be you, me, and your heating pad
 you mean me and my heating pad
 and you in the other room bc "its too warm"
 And maybe a bottle of febreeze and a fan
 
 Lolol
 bro
 don't even bro
 ò
 gary is already out
 i can just leave for the long weekend now if i want
 DECISIONS DECISIONS
 http://i.imgur.com/dkLJLrt.gifv
 OMFG i want. boopboopboopboop.
 Lolol
 Dat tongue
 *boops you*
 *you swat me away*
 ò
 just not the same /sigh
 òê
 lol
 òò
 so lets plan a real date date next friday.
 thats not me sitting on your couch in my underwear :P
 òòòòò
 Lol but you are so tired when you arrive
 I cannot say no to sleepy Aru
 i know man I KNOW
 i shall power thruuuuuuu
 I'm on a weird call right now
 what kinda call
 It's a call about the HOV percentage on one of our jobs
 With a bunch of client folk
 whats HOV
 Jay-z, duh
 lolol
 I KNEW IT
 It's high occupancy vehicles btw, carpools
 ooh
 The coordinator was pretty combative with his colleagues
 And we just kinda ended up waiting in the background for 30 mins
 OMG
 I just saw the most beautiful dog
 I don't know what type it is but I want it now
 explain yourself
 It had almost artistic coloration
 Was a longish straight hair dog, slightly smaller than a golden retriever
 Face kind of like a collie shape but bright blue eyes
 ooh
 u know i wish there was an invention where you could like dunno. have a smaller camera in your pocket AT ALL TIMES for moments like these ò
 I wasnt quick enough
 
 aw :(
 sounds beautiful huns
 Looked kinda similar to this
 Which I think is an aussie
 looks like a border collie?
 i think chico is an aussie
 mini aussie
 hes oct: http://www.canaan.com/canaan-k9
 I think Australian Shepherds are my new favorite dogs
 Do an image search for them bro. They look so glorious
 Baby
 I've seen one in person
 I knoes this
 Remember
 Yes I knoes
 But but
 They are so beautiful
 Lol
 Just bought 5 ny strip steaks
 Super pumped
 They're not dry aged but they are local & organic
 Lolol baby
 
 
 Hi honeys
 Awe hello
 
 Puppy butt
 Is that where you are or is it from the internets
 The internets
 Bro
 Also hi :)
 Hi honeysòÅ
 Hope your weekend is going well
 We made ribs and chickens yesterday
 We're making pork shoulder and burgers today
 I'm so jelly ahhhh
 We had burgers yest and we have chicken and some chilli today
 Eggs in the am
 
 We're having Sean's whole wheat sourdough with some super artisan marmalades
 And also nutella
 You guys are so hipster
 I'm gonna cook the pork shoulder in a Dutch oven
 I have a Bloody Mary, egg cups and watermelon
 I'll let you know how it turns out, I could be on to something
 Oooh ok
 
 
 Do u still love this face?
 Hahaha
 Soooooooo is that a yes?
 Lol it's great babers
 Hi babe
 
 Hi! We're heading out soon
 You?
 Can I call u?!
 Sure
 I'm still hanging out
 WhatsApp call is best
 I yam back
 Listen to the food tasters stuff you should know. One of them just constantly interrupts the other one with jokes on jokes. I think it's josh that does it. Hilarious. But now I'm hungry.
 hey babers
 I'm having a shitty day
 hope yours is better
 Aw I'm sorry hun
 My day is going, that's about all I can say for it
 what do u have planned for tonight?
 work?
 Idk, I'm tired
 I might go home and take nyquil
 I didn't sleep too well last night
 :( why not
 I donno
 aw
 Hi are you there
 Can I call in a half our
 Hour*
 Hey I just woke up
 Wow You passed out before 7? Impressive
 I bet you feel like new
 Nah I'm groggy af
 Omg coffee will feel like magic
 I had a rough day/night yesterday but I am back now
 That's good
 Did you still want to call?
 Oh nm that was yesterday
 According to my bit the sleep wasn't great, but I still got 11 or so hours after restlessness
 Oooh look at you
 I just read this and needed to share the misery
 
 I didn't sleep well at all. I'm still so tired
 Aww hun
 I'm sorry babes
 Also fuck me that's awful
 I'm sure that's fake but ò´
 My palms are now covering my nipples
 Lolol
 I can barely function
 I'm so tired. But happy I see you very soon yay
 òÄ
 I hope you get sleep tonight hunnies
 Nyquil and chill
 Awe I love you
 Come here òò
 òòòòòòò
 *hugs*
 so my momma got fabulous prada sunglasses at clinton outlets last weekend
 we should go bro
 I'm down for another trip
 i don't really care as long as i see you boob
 LOOKIT WERE ON FORBES http://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=http://www.forbes.com/sites/truebridge/2016/09/07/orchard-platform-disrupting-financial-services/&refURL=&referrer=#2228bf972608
 ummm
 look at this linkedin email i got
 Hey Arundhati! We're currently rounding out our leadership team and your experience in product development, management, and technology was particularly interesting. As a marketplace/ SaaS startup, I think your background would be extremely relevant. If you're available to meet early next week to discuss our Product Director role, I'd like to get breakfast or coffee.
 .....bruh
 its for a company that is in textile manufacturing i believe.
 do i say yes? do i say no? i mean......i shouldn't just ignore it right
 Interesting
 Idk I would investigate whoever sent it first
 its the CEO of the company
 http://makersrow.com/team
 I'm just very confused.
 Eh go for it baber
 See what they have to say
 okay. thats what i thought.
 woah the new iPhone announcement
 super mario on the iPhone 7
 what in the world
 but the tweets here are hilarious: https://live.theverge.com/apple-iphone-7-launch-event-live-blog/?_ga=1.85481753.1897991874.1472828213
 so now i have to stop by and see my mom on sunday
 so i guess I'm spending fri night/sat w/ you
 sat night at the lakehoues
 and ill go home on sunday then back to nyc
 i don't want to! :(
 but i guess its fine
 Damn that sounds annoying
 right
 U sure you want to run around so much?
 no i dont
 but Vaidu will have the car so it won't be that bad i goes.
 i guess*
 dunno.
 i have to be home for lunch
 is what Vaidu said
 like why am i even going to the lakehouse then
 lolol pokemon go is coming to apple watch
 I'm just annoyed but i guess what i want doesn't really matter
 I'm just going to leave it and go with it
 I'm really annoyed right now
 and this is how i get stressed.
 Aww hunnd
 It'll be alright
 im so stressed now
 
 i want to cry
 oooh the good stuff is on now.
 ios10 and the new phone
 it looks like an android lolol
 crap now my mood is shot to shit.
 actually it looks like a windows phone.
 wtf
 wait no, it doesn't that was just a  zoom in? idk whats going on.
 wait no it looks like an iPhone. so pretty and shiny
 Now I have a headache and just want to cry
 Thanks, mom.
 That's confusing
 But it sucks
 Nonetheless
 What's confusing and what sucks
 Hi can we Skype tonight pls
 Hey give me a sec
 Ok
 
 so I slept pretty well and i woke up without an alarm at 6:30 then again at 7:15 and I'm still exhausted.
 Aww
 I guess you shoulda stayed up from 630
 I made that mistake today
 lol
 BUT I SEE YOU TOMORROW
 SO ITS ALL OKAY
 òÄòÄ
 òòò
 òòòò
 Babe is this for real? http://m.imgur.com/gallery/k4dd8
 idk what I'm looking at
 Ppl are implying there's no audio jack or that it's not a standard jack
 still don't get it.
 http://www.techradar.com/news/phone-and-communications/mobile-phones/iphone-7-headphone-jack-the-story-so-far-1324866
 The new iPhone doesn't have an audio jacl
 new iPhone doesn't have an audio jack
 Jack"
 Lol
 yes
 and?
 Why bro
 bc to make it thinner they had to get rid of it
 So no headphones?
 u either get wireless headphones which connect via bluetooth
 get their new headphones w/ the lighting jack
 OR u get the 8$ adapter
 I'm betting the next years version will have wireless charging so this is just the mid-step to that
 Lightning jack probably has the fastest charging capability atm
 Just seems terribly inconvenient
 it feels like an incomplete phone relesae
 but they are saving the cool stuff for next yr bc its the 10th anniversary
 
 Seems about right
 Baby
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/gD8XM
 omg
 i waaaaaaaant
 hiiiiiii
 my meeting went well
 how are you
 im bored
 I'm doing alright bro
 Been wading through issues with this model all day
 damn that model
 whatcha doing tonight
 Lol probably working on said model
 What are you up to bro
 nothing.
 packing and laundry
 and maybe a run
 i bored
 Oh I see
 U wanna chat?
 a/s/l
 òò
 I said a òò
 òòòò
 òÅ
 Baby what do
 WHAT DO
 What do
 You mean?
 
 I don't want to be upset at you. Can we talk about it
 i made an 8:15 reservation at tarry lodge for tonight
 not sure if you had it made or not, i don't think you ended up making it
 I didnt, but that's good
 If you get here around 6 I was thinking we could go to a wine bar for drinks and then to heirloom
 I had a reso for 8
 ooh
 that works as well :)
 yeah whatever works I'm open to anything, we just have a reservation in case
 :D
 Okay well now we have options (:
 can we go run tomorrow if its not super hot?
 maybe in the morning
 before we start the day
 For aure
 I don't think either of us is playing Pokemon go anymore but they released a new feature
 Where you can run with one of your pokers and it gives you candy for them
 oooh
 thats interesting
 lets do it bro
 Okay
 Do you wanna come to my apt to drop stuff off/change before we go out?
 I'm basically all changed into what i'll be wearing tonight, i packed light
 i just have my stuff, i can leave it int he car or at your apt. doesn't matter to me.
 Okay
 I can make that work
 I checked around for events tonight but the only name I recognize is a ska band playing at toads place
 :)
 Nothing at the Schubert
 thats fine
 we don't need an event
 Okie
 I made myself a French press this morning
 I'm buzzing like crazy right now
 It feels like it's been several hours since we last chatted on WhatsApp
 lol
 its been a few minutes
 so dunno what to do about bday
 *sulks*
 Aww babers
 U wanna do a trip up to Hamptons or my?
 NY* ?
 ooh
 so we have decided
 fright fest on the 22nd
 w/ saskia
 then i found this i wanna do next weekend:http://www.house7a.com/
 and we're doing girls night next friday
 Oo seems pretty cool
 To both of the above
 I've never been to fright fest
 and then we want to do sleep no more again for halloween
 untz untz untz untz
 That was fun
 Make sure it doesn't conflict with Emily's thing, I guess
 ugh
 lol
 her halloween party?
 :\ i guess we can go that friday night
 Lol I know man
 We don't have to go to her thing tho
 It's her favorite holiday but that's like saying my favorite pizza is pepperoni
 It's everyone's favorite
 lmao
 oh.
 look at this.
 http://milkbarstore.com/main/classes-2/
 doesn't that sound fun?
 so i think the plan is to do this the night before on 21st night (friday), then do fright fest on saturday
 That sounds like a ton of fun
 riiight
 and then get Vaidu a really nice gift
 after her shitty year
 That sounds like a good plan
 can u help me out
 i found a great bday present for avid
 Vaidu
 but not sure which tickets to get
 http://www.ticketmaster.com/resale/0000509ACD0697DE
 do u see the pic of the stadium?
 what is  better - middle of concourse 1 (aka would be 120's)
 or first row of the next step up?
 http://s1.ticketm.net/tm/en-us/tmimages/venue/maps/ny1/69683s.gif
 I was thinking 120s? There are some decent ones on 121 and 122 for like 160
 i can't find the one in 122
 i don't want to do the ones on the side, 121 and 131
 There was 123 for 170ish
 Idk what you wanna spend on this tho
 Prob a higher one isn't too bad
 But a low row
 i see one w/ this view for 200
 http://aviewfrommyseat.com/photos/emmmyhw-20150201192307.jpg
 is that too much/
 last time i paid around the same
 and i know this would be a complete surprise for Vaidu and something she would LOVE
 and after her year, i think 200 is fine, right?
 Yeah I feel like that would be pretty good
 we had set a limit of 150 for each other
 its oct 7th
 (Rescheduled from her sept 7th tour date)
 For a concert I would really wanna do something in the lower level
 Oh neat
 oh shit i can do that
 for under 220
 but in the back
 select the section as "floor seating"
 I would do the 100s
 I mean
 yeah
 bc then at least you are at an angle right
 ?
 i think thats where we were before, and it was cool
 instead of being on the floor and we are short so we might not even get a good view
 Yeah
 oh.
 section 128, row 9
 seats 6 and 7
 for 211
 ugh now i am second guessing not the floor seats
 nvm
 Nah dude I think the front ones would be good
 ok
 vaidu knows
 she guessed it when i asked her if oct 7th was free
 Lmao
 her first response was "thats the beyonce concert"
 awe okie i feel like i just did a good deed
 *nods*
 ò
 Btw, are you in NYC still?
 Just want to know when I should plan on being ready
 Yeah I'm going to gc now
 Am on 522 train
 Okie
 ILL BE THERE AT 6:50
 I REPEAT 6:50
 How so early??
 It says 707 on the schedule
 Conductor said 7pm when I asked him
 And I'm building in 10 minutes for you
 Oh okay
 Well I'm moving quickly
 At Bridgeport now
 I'll be outta the house in a few minutes
 This train goes directly from Stamford to bpo
 IM HERE IM HERE IM HERE
 GET REEEEEEEEEADY
 
 I look like I'm doing an uber of shame
 Lol yeah but an uber of my shame
 òèòè
 Lmao
 Babe your bedding
 òò
 So I just got food at a really great restaurant and I found glass in my food. Now everyone is freaking out and I'm like meh
 Ok I'm back home
 òòòòòò
 Look the 9/11 memorial lights
 
 So pretty
 Oh wow that's really cool
 right? so nice.
 do u like any of these - http://www.gilt.com/sale/men/tods-footwear-1902 ?
 Also did u autumn squash soup yet bro
 Yay that other dude cancelled on me
 è
 The one I didn't wanna see tomorrow
 YASSS
 Hey huns I took a look at the sale
 They're out of ones in my size that I liles
 Liked*
 http://www.gilt.com/sale/men/tods-footwear-1902/product/1150589977-tods-city-gommino-leather-tie-driver?origin=sale
 Send me the style names
 And color
 This was close but ita prob a bit too small
 I'll look around and we can check

 Nothing else doe
 I liked the drivers and the leather boat shoes but no sizes bro
 Okie. What size are you
 11 us/10 uk
 Might be a 10.5/9.5 depending on if the sizes run big
 I see
 There's the navy gommino in 11s but I'd rather you try them on in person
 Husky Pupper's Attempts to Wake Up Daddy

 Lool that was me this morn
 The dog or the dude
 The dude
 I had no one to wake up this morning
 ò
 I texted u bro
 Lol my phone died at like 915 last night
 I just gave up and left it on the charger for the night
 I turned it on like 15 mins ago as I was leaving my apt
 But the blue gommino are UK 11 which is US 12
 Das too big
 Oh, I see.
 http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/14/business/media/great-british-bake-off-will-leave-bbc-for-rival.html?module=WatchingPortal&region=c-column-middle-span-region&pgType=Homepage&action=click&mediaId=thumb_square&state=standard&contentPlacement=1&version=internal&contentCollection=www.nytimes.com&contentId=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2F2016%2F09%2F14%2Fbusiness%2Fmedia%2Fgreat-british-bake-off-will-leave-bbc-for-rival.html&eventName=Watching-article-click&_r=0
 HOW WILL WE STREAM IT NOW.
 NOOOO
 Loool
 Well get it somehoe
 Also it sounds like I'm going to Virginia this Thursday. I'm gonna look into flights but it might mean I can fly out of JFK
 Okay
 Lemme know
 Dood
 I'm booked, just sent you my itinerary
 I saw
 What were you thinking bro
 About what bro
 Oh idk why u sent it to me
 Because I'm coming in and out of NYC and so I would most likely stay with you this weekend?
 That's my biz
 That's what I was asking.
 The flights were a day apart and we already had agreed that you weren't coming down so you could have easily just gone up to new havers
 I did not want to assume
 so you gonna stay....all weekend?
 I mean yeah I thin so
 ooh yay
 Maybe I will go up on Sunday afternoon or something
 But yeah if I'm travelling this week already it doesn't matter
 okays. whatever you want to do
 Might as well make it so I can see you if I have to go all the way over to va
 awe
 ur so sweet
 ò
 lmao.
 lmao baby.
 Le mao
 I'm so tired of travelling tbh
 It's been every week for a couple months now
 yeah, i know. that sucks, but hey man at least you got yourself some points.
 I wanna just plop one weekend and sit around my house
 Yup
 you can do that this weekend!
 And some JetBlue miles
 you can come see me thursday night
 and go up on friday night
 if you wanted to be in ur place
 Nah nah we should hangout
 we don't have to baby
 i know u miss ur apt
 Unless you want to be on your own this wknd
 nope, i just want you to be happy
 Aww
 
 You're sweet
 hehehe
 oh so funny story
 ?
 we had our final best buy appointment today
 to fix the tv
 Lol
 they had ordered the antenna part that was broken
 and had to come fix it
 can u guess what happened?
 Did they have to reschedule?
 apparently the other times they came and we were like bro wheres ur COI and there like whats a COI...the technicians were supposed to call their managers and have their managers start a process to get the COI.
 i guess they all had a shitty job for a reason, bc no body did that
 so this dude comes in
 doesn't have COI
 and were like WTF
 but
 Wtf is a coi
 he calls his manager, starts off the process. best buy has a guarantee thing of fixing shit by 30 days
 Like a fish?
 yes
 we need to bribe our doorman with sushi
 You should really demand a replacement at this point
 its the certificate of insurance
 And some free swag
 You literally just got that tv
 anyways, bc they have this 30 day guarantee thing and they clearly dropped the ball multiple times
 You shouldn't need a coi
 our apt needs it
 for any work to be done
 òòòòò
 even if its like painting
 or fixing the faucet
 but the thing is....we knew this ahead of time. and we told best buy when we made the appointment.
 so they were aware of it.
 they were just lazy.
 anyways, this dudes manager who Vaidu spoke to was like oh I'm so sorry blah blah
 Smh
 so they will end up prob replacing the tv
 we were CC'ed on the email from repair dude to his manager
 and got repair dudes card
 to follow up w/ them.
 so hopefully we can sort this out soon.
 BEST BUY WARS EPISODE 6: THE SAGA CONTINUES.
 Jesus man
 If you had a car, just lugging the damn thing back would've been the way to go
 IKR
 What a bummer
 You'll have a working TV eventually
 OMFG
 GET THE HALAL GUYS CHICKEN AND RICE BRO.
 BUT CAUTION: RED SAUCE
 I'm drinking cups of milk
 Lolz
 I had hamburgers for lunch
 Side note: I'm so goddamn sick of hamburgers
 Lolol awe
 I don't wanna go near beef for like a solid month
 Aw
 *cooks u steak*
 I will puke bro
 *cancels reservation for lomo saltado*
 Lol
 òòòòò
 Pls
 òòòòòòòòòòòòòòò
 Lolol
 you're my favoirte
 I think I need a good week of just eating plants to counterbalance all the red meat I've eaten since labor day
 Perhaps a solid month
 yeah i can imaginr
 you want to try a veggie place
 for dinner?
 or just make dins at home?
 when you get here
 Yes pls
 on fri?
 Well you won't be therw
 I'll prob cook a veggie dish on friday
 yeah
 u can go get some good stuff from whole fooooods
 It's gonna be hard to find decent food these next couple days
 Airports are not known for being particularly healthy places to find foods
 oh. newp
 but JFK has a nice selection ho.
 tho*
 Neither is suburban Virginia
 Yeah I imagine so
 i can't help you in VA
 My lunch and breakfast are catered so I guess it's just dinner tonight and dinner tmmr that I gotta contend with
 ooh
 thats not too bad
 two meals
 Yup
 what are you doing on whatsapp but he way? its so nice to hear from you but...arnt u working?
 or is fun jimmy taking over?
 I talk to you on WhatsApp during work don't even front
 loooool
 I just ate three hamburgers baby
 
 ^me sitting at my desk rn
 WHY
 WHY ARE YOU EATING THREE
 you need jesus
 and a salad
 Lol I made them a little smaller
 sure sure
 I just want to get rid of them tbh
 i'd have frozen them
 I'm not gonna be around this week
 not gonna lie
 lol
 Let's be honest, I'm not gonna defrost and eat those
 and / or you could have used the marinated beef in a chilli
 I froze four pattiea
 Nah that beef is just for burgs
 OR made a bolognese
 I DO WHAT I WANT
 Man today is not going my way
 wha happened
 Ended up missing my train by like 30 seconds cause a co-worker kept trying to keep me for one more quick thing
 Im at the next one but it rained on my walk over
 awe babers
 And it's gonna be tight me making my flight
 yikes thats tonight huh
 Yup
 :(
 Boards at 930
 why did you leave so late?!
 how are you getting down to jfk?
 Train n subway
 I was supposed to leave at 430 but my coworker made me miss it by 30 sexonds
 ok.
 well, good luck babe
 I was checking and it is apparently quicker to get there by subway than by taxi from gcs
 Thanks
 I'm gonna need it
 are you on the train now?
 Just boarded
 ohhhhhhh
 did u make it
 is this the train u wanted to make
 It's supposed to get to gc around 730 but they tend to be a bit late
 No I wanted to make the 430 train
 oh
 and u missed that by 30 seconds
 Yes
 They come pretty infrequently
 sorry i was thinking this was to the bus home for some reason. train is much better scenario.
 It is
 But it's still a bit iffy
 If there's a big line at JFK I could be in trouble
 you gotta cut it then and be like oh so sorry my flights due very soon
 :\
 i hope you get thru babers
 I was but he kept stopping me for 20 seconds at a time
 I will hopefully be fine
 oh no i mean the line lol
 stupid coworker
 Oh lol
 Yeah I bought the even more speed with jet blue
 ok good
 I should be able to bill that out
 I won't have time to get food for sure tho
 Hopefully I can grab a water at gc, I forgot to bring one with me and I'm already thirsty af
 oh
 ò
 
 lol
 Did u make it
 Yeah I made it
 Yay
 I'm waiting at the gate now
 
 I proud of you here's an I'm proud of you selfie
 Thank god bro. THANK GOD.
 Lmao hunnie
 Should I get bangs
 Y or n
 I support your choice to get them or not
 I dunno how they would look either wsy
 Ugh
 Thanks for being supportive I guess
 
 ò
 òò
 òòòò
 Are you there
 If so which one
 
 
 
 
 Dats me in case you forgot and/or didn't receive the millions of other selfies I've taken and sent
 omg i won't get an appointment until mid october
 WHAT DO.
 WHAT DOOOOO.
 That's only like 3 or 4 weeks from now bro
 should i get my hair colored like halfway through or this weekend so i can get something fresh before my cut?
 or all at once?
 OR DIS? I LOVE DIS. http://www.thefryecompany.com/phillip-chukka/d/87522C7425?CategoryId=227
 Fancy fancu
 i saw and thought of u. is also on sale i believe
 how are u
 Oh I seer
 I'm good I'm good
 I'm at my gate rn
 I see you in a couple hours bro
 Yaaaaas
 Safe flight bro
 Thanks huns
 Ugh my flight is delayed an hour
 Whilst on the runway
 NOOOOOOO
 òê
 There's a guy near me who stanks
 Spray him with febreeze
 I have an hour next to him
 And then we take off
 :(
 No baby no
 Did they say why
 Delau
 The runeay
 Taxiing
 Idk
 I'm at 25% and I need my batt for uber
 Airplane mode
 See ya later bro
 I'm very annoyed by vaidu right now. She has all day to gym but she chooses to gym when I'm going. Really dude?
 And she keeps asking me these stupid ass questions
 I just can't
 Are you here yettttt
 Sushi?
 I just had the most amazing poo
 TOBYS!
 literally like medicine
 im so happy and a tiny bit jelly
 Yeah man
 It was easily 2 days worth of poop
 loool
 im so happy for you
 I still have some more in me but I feel significantly lighter
 WEIGH YOURSELF BRUH
 WHATS THE POINT IN HAVING A SCALE IF YOU CANT WEIGH YOUR PRE AND POST POOP BODY
198
 YASSS
 like 198.00?
 I don't know if it was accurate tho
 No like .6
 ugh STOP BEING A WUSS
 oh
 so you lost....idk i can't maths right now
 Like .6 poinf
 Pounds
 That's definitely not right
 It was A LOT of poop
 three days worth?
 i'd say probs
 thats a normal poo for me bro
 Lol
 hey
 how is vaidu
 Good?
 She just left for the gym
 Why do you ask
 she mentioned she hasn't heard from saad
 and asked if she should reach out
 saskia mentioned that she thinks he is ghosting her out. hajj has been over since the 11th.
 eid is over.
 if he wanted to contact her, he would.
 i think sas was a bit harsh, but she's just worried and thinks that avid waiting around for saad to reach out is unhealthy
 vaidu*
 I suppose
 i dunno whats your take?
 would you go 5 days without any communication if you were accompanying your dad somewhere knowing that you chose him over me and knowing that we'd probably break up after?
 I really don't know. I'm not going through what he is, and I don't think I communicate like he does
 It doesn't seem like it's going to work though
 Is he back from the trip?
 I feel like his dad probably would have done something significant during/after the hajj
 He's done with hajj
 But dunno where he is
 Seems like it would be symbolic for his dad for one reason or another
 No idea
 thank you for being awesome babers
 this whole thing w/ saad has made me appreciate you and everything that you do (and all the bullshit you don't do) even more.
 i love you
 Aww hunns
 I just try to be a reasonable dude
 (and if you ever pull this shit on me i will feed ur balls to you)
 Nothing too special about that
 I love you too hunns 
 loool
 hehehe
 how was lunch? i had a veggie pizza and one slice made me super full \o/
 I haven't had lunch yet
 O_O
 how do u ppl live
 I'm hungry
 êê
 omg go have a  spoon of almond butter to hold u over
 is very good
 we have chicken too if u want to make a sammich
 No thx
 Vaidu got back from the gym so I'll probably see if she wants to eat once she gets out
 lol
 she needs to be in the city by 4:30 i believe
 but you guys might be able to grab sweet greens
 before she heads out
 Oh I see
 I'll just ask her when she's out I guesz
 Are you coming back before you go out?
 yup
 and i think so i wanna see you bro
 Oh I see
 but i also want to try not hose damn gucci loafers. WHY DO I DO THIS TO MYESLF.
 ?
 try on those shoes
 Well I would like a set of keys with the fob pls
 Idc how that happens
 lol
 yah sure ill come home
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/IVgpYeI
 Baby some guy copied my old work pastime
 lolol
 So I think I'm gonna go get lunch
 Its been an hour and Vaidu is still showing I think
 I support your decision
 I think she's in her room
 Just knock on her door
 What's the sushi place you were talking about before?
 It's delivery only
 Ya
 What is it
 I think mizu? Not sure
 Sumo****
 It's sumo
 And also I found an article that says ako is good but I cannot personally vouch for it
 I see
 I decided on thai food instead lol
 Do I have to inform the doorman that ppl are coming?
 He should buzz up
 Ok
 Says 30-40 minutes
 Pad Thai?
 Green curry
 Which one
 Ooh
 ... and also pad thai
 Lmao
 Qi thai
 Ooh
 I'll let you know how it is
 I want to have another slice o pizza
 Or if you're here at 5 I guess youll find out for yourself
 But am drinking tea instead
 
 Did you have pizza for lunch?
 Yes
 I had some trail mix for bfast
 I had toast
 It was banana chips and raisins
 And Brazil nuts I thin
 Are we gonna do it later
 òòòêòèòè
 
 I WANT HIM
 
 òçòçòçòç
 òèòè
 Lolz nice
 
 Ummm I had a lot of Mac and cheese
 Enjoy
 Sorry
 Lol
 Wow that looks crazy good
 We can't finish
 Come help
 Lol
 
 
 òèòè
 Send me nudes
 çÜí¶
 .....or a normal selfie pls
 
 Lol
 Are you up?
 You home?
 Yeah I'm home now
 I'm tired bro
 I'm drunk
 òò
 òòòòò
 òÅ
 
 Nicee
 How are you feeling Hunnies?
 Good! How are you?
 I'm not sick yet, washed your sheets yesterday so it was nice
 That's good, that's good
 I hope you don't get sick
 I still feel all shitty
 I fink I'm fine
 Are you working today or nah? I worry
 Did u get worse or about the same
 About the same I think
 I'm working from home today
 I don't have sick days bro
 I had to go in this morning tho
 :(
 Well it's the same so that's good
 I hear autumn squash soup is good for the soul
 Lol I'll have to get tomorrow or soemthing
 If I could if would bring you a huge bowl of soop
 And some kisses
 I'll even throw in a hug in there
 hi babers i hope your day is going well. http://i.imgur.com/A5Qb1Mb.gifv
 Awww he wants the food
 I'm still sick. All sinus pressure and coughing
 I don't blame him ê∂ê∂
 Aw :(
 Someone is walking their black lab without a leash
 If there ever was a time for baconpockets 
 Awww
 Baby I have 6 hours of back to back meetings
 I just wanna go under my desk and sleep rn
 Cough on everyone pls. So we might not be going home this weekend which means we'd be going home next weekend which means another 2 weeks of not seeing each other.
 Also I'm feeling like crap today
 Not bc of sickness just feeling blah
 
 I mean I'm probably gonna cough on everyone but it probably won't be voluntary
 Am sure we can find a way or a night to meet tho
 Maybe I'll go home on the weekend of the 15th
 So I can see u weekend after next
 Sigh I'm all moody I think bc of pms and it sucks
 Awew
 Aww
 We will work something out whether it's a weekday thing or something
 yah we will. just get better now pls. òòòò
 Thanks hunnnies
 òòòòòòòòò
 LOOKIT WHAT I SENT THE OTHER CHAT ITS FUNNY
 òò
 òòò
 I'm halfway through my day of meetings
 Literally have been in calls since I got in the office this morning and will be in calls till I leave this evening
 us napping: http://i.imgur.com/gdG9Ykb.gifv
 Dawww
 its true tho bro
 we had bbq delivered for work and ugh it wasn't good.
 apparently its supposed to be amazing bbq but i wasn't feelin it
 Bummer dude
 omg meat farts are the worst
 *cuddles up to you*
 Lolol
 Dat briskit
 Which leg
 
 Gimme a side view?
 
 
 Hmm probably the leather one
 It's hard to tell what the full suede looks like in person but it kinda looks like a stocking from the pics
 Where is the shopping occurring??
 Soho
 Leather? Really?
 Yeah idk I think my opinion would change if I saw it in person
 Lol I'm getting the suede
 I like the style of the shoe part of the suede better
 It might be the suede throwing u off
 But yah I'm getting them
 YOLO FUCK IT
 *eats ramen for the next few months*
 Yum
 *salty*
 Also, you better not buy up all the things I wanted to get u for your birthdau
 Lmao buy me something quicker òÅ
 I won't be shopping a lot after this don't worry
 Will be cheapo crap
 Lolol
 Well
 I was thinking of getting u either a medium sized purse or a bucket bag for ur bday
 Or the 1/2 and 1/2s but you already have that one covered
 Lmao vaidu called it
 Lol we talked about it last week
 She knew what my ideas were
 I need to buy u urs bro
 I was thinking sunglasses too but you just got a pair
 Lol sorry bro
 Those are tough to find tho
 Maybe u don't have to buy me anything
 Just do something nice
 Lol u mean move down to NYC
 No
 Was thinking a Trip
 We gotta plan that together
 But we should look òÄ
 But moving to nyc works too
 Soop the boots just went on sale at bloomies
 I'm gonna return or get a price match if I can
 If franny can get them I save 300$
 That's....ò
 Wow holy shit
 I'm gonna have to return mine now
 Cuz I bought them today lol
 Lolz
 *waves* hullo there. today has been super busy ugh. how are you?
 I'm still sick but I feel a lot better today
 I worked from home in the morning and went in at like 130
 I would love to be able to have a schedule like that more often, super nice to make a thing of French press instead of having to run out the door right away
 Yeah I hear you
 I've been waking up early to chill before going to work and switching my workouts to after work
 It's so nice in the mornings
 I've successfully done it only once
 But it was nice that one time
 It's probably partly the way my body functions too
 I am generally a useless lump in the early morn
 i know
 :P
 so i fell asleep at 3 am
 im a wreck right now
 dml
 fml
 Whoa how come hunners?
 Also hi
 It has been a busy ass day
 Binge watching Netflix
 Ah
 Anything good?
 Yeah tonight's mo is gonna be gym + bed
 Sounds about right
 There's another work bbq tonight
 But I tired
 Yeah bro just go home
 Also I had an interesting lunch
 
 What was it?
 It's a collard green wrap
 With chicken and avocado
 It looks interesting
 Was it good?
 
 It was amazing
 That's awesome
 I had AUTUMNSQUASHSOUP for lunch today
 Right? I was surprised
 YAS è
 And a half sammich
 I'm gonna make cauliflower crust pizza for dinner tmmr night. I should make a bowl of that soup this weekend
 Trying to eat out less
 Oo
 Yeah that's a good plan
 I'm eating veggies and chicken tonight
 Not sure what I wanna do friday
 I'm feeling down
 You on your way home Hunnies?
 I'm having a drink and I'm feeling better and much more relaxed
 
 Ooh that looks tasty af
 Btw do you remember what the super smooth whiskey we had the other week was?
 Also you wanna facetime in 15 mins?
 Umm just got me phone now
 O I see
 I'm sitting down to dinners now
 Whatcha having
 We can still facetime if you're cool watchimg me eat
 Chicken n veggies
 Im watching our game right now
 Why u gotta be so healthy
 Ionno
 First healthy meal of the week tho
 I wanted to order pizza
 If it makes you feel better there's about a 95% chance of me ordering thai food this wknd
 Or tmmr
 Or both
 Lmao
 It does
 pick up
 Ur damn FaceTime
 BRO
 I have important shit to tell you
 ??
 
 Whered you goo
 Huh
 FREEBACON
 
 Well then
 
 *sweats meatily*
 òÅ
 So I just saw a dude with a bag that looks like your suit bag now but the pockets are on the outside which means the suits
 Inside folded up
 That's how I usually have mine
 I feel like my suit is safer on the inside
 Yeah but the pockets were in the right direction
 So there are 2 other ppl at my office this afternoon
 go get that halal bros because you deserve it
 then GTFO
 Lol I had thaifoodfriday
 Which means I'm full for at least the next 2-3 hours
 I might go get it later tonight tho
 fight through the fullness bro
 i believe in you
 Hahaha
 i BELIEVE IN YOU
 its soon good
 if its your first time
 get half half chicken n gyro
 rice, some salad
 get sauces seperately
 white sauce is good, get double of that
 get one red sauce
 mmmmmm
 get on the couch
 get something queued up on netflix
 and go to town
 òèòè
 be prepared to pass out almost instantly from food coma
 Lmao
 and make sure you have some milk/yogurt/icecream/bread around if you use too much red saue
 altho there is no such thing as too much red sauce
 Lol
 I actually do have some milk in my apt
 When I went to CVS to get meds on Monday I ended up getting some cereal on sale
 i had crunch berries cereal today
 are you jelly
 And there was no almond milk so I just got a thing of regular old milk
 how jelly are you
 thats good
 I had special k cereal today
 omg chicken and rice is so good
 It was super goof
 woah
 big day for both of us.
 Right??
 Just got halal guys and some nitro milk stout
 So fucking stoked
 
 You are missed
 
 Tell everyone I say hi
 Wanna go skidiving next weekend
 Lol no I already have plans
 But yes in general
 What plans
 Wtf
 Ur seeing your parents next weekend
 I made plans
 
 What
 With who
 With my weekday girlfriend obv
 And all my other friends
 Lolol
 I'm just curious bro
 With who
 Baby stop I have friends
 George is back in town tho
 Are u sure
 Oooh
 The voices inside ur head arnt real
 Fuuuuuck you they're real to me
 Hahahjaha love u baby
 I'm sure u do
 How's ur foods
 Gone already
 I coulda used some more red sauce but otherwise delicious
 
 òòòòòò
 So goood
 Hi boopers
 How are you
 I'm good I'm goood
 How was your night?
 Good
 Back by 10, in bed by 10:30
 I'm a crazy partier lol
 Lol you sure are babers
 We're going to return shoes and crap right now
 How was ur night
 Did u hang out with ur "friends"? òò
 NOOO TALK TO ME I MISS YOU
 
 Lool baby
 You were right about that halal guys
 I passed the hell out
 Food coma so hard
 Lmao
 I just speak from experience
 òòòòòò
 How u feeling today
 Probs like a new person?
 Well I woke up super early but I feel good
 I'm still stuffy and sneezy today
 Awe
 Well it feels like fall here
 But I don't feel all shitty from that cold now
 The weather cooled down a big
 Bit*
 Yup
 
 Oo
 Ur busy next weekend u said right
 It's gregs bday and he invited u out, I think they're doing Atlantic city
 I already said you can't but just wanted to still extend the invite
 Aw thanks but yeah
 I'm like 4 hours away and I kinda don't wanna travel just this once
 I'm pretty sure I'm not going either
 ò
 Lol
 Could be fun bro
 Yeah right
 My shoes came in
 
 Ooo pretty
 Hi boo u still up
 I ran outta beer
 U gotta get this
 Best pumpkin beer ever
 It's not too pumkiny
 Also I miss u
 òòòòòòòòò
 Awwwww Hunnies òòòòòòòòòòòò
 https://m.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/54d025/i_will_find_you_and_i_will_catch_you/
 Looool
 I have a sleep hangover
 And can't seem to wake up
 Sounds like you need some good coffee
 So I'm at brunch
 Look at this veggie burger
 Could it be the one?
 
 Interesting
 U gonna try it?
 I dunno I want eggs
 U Wanna check it out next time?
 Sure babers
 What's on your plan for today? Remind me to send u ur pic pls
 Charging my phone apparently, and some work
 Also don't forget about my LinkedIn pic plz and thx
 Whoops I already forgot
 Lemme getting now
 I'm still tired/exhausted
 Wtf is wrong with me
 I dunno babers maybe you are starting to feel a little sick
 Noooo don't say that
 We're at dinner with Mohammad and we're waiting for him to get here andddd a rat just run out of the restaurant
 òê
 Gross
 Time to find a new resto
 Yeah
 Or
 Lmao exactly
 Ratatouille
 It's sushi
 What kind of sushi is gonna have rat droppings
 Nah it only works for Italian and French restos
 Lmao
 Gtfo
 Lool
 We're getting Thai food sunday instead
 Lol good call
 There was a couple in front of us that still went in
 Hi boopers. I hope you have a good days
 
 Dawww
 HI BOOPERS!
 I'm waiting for the ferry
 The l train is down
 I hope you have a good day too
 Oh interesting
 And service is disrupted
 It's chilly today
 I know I'm excited
 But it will be a high of 75 here
 Later today
 Oo
 Kewl
 Hey huns I gotta question for you
 Yes?
 What is your week looking like on Wed night and Thurs night?
 Huh. Was not expecting that
 Thursday I have drinks planned with Audrey
 O ok
 Wed I have a work hh but it's from 5-6 and with Thursday I'll prob skip
 No one is gonna be in my office this week
 Ooh shit why
 I was thinking of driving down on Wed night and hanging out with you until you gotta leave for your parents
 I can push my Thursday thing back, it's just dranks
 Or I'll just come home after to you
 U want me to?
 I mean I would like to see you, but I should have come up to visit so I'm feeling a lil guilty now 
 I mean I know but I still wanna see you
 Awe okay babers
 You can come I would like that
 If you got plans that's fine but I won't see you till weekend after next otherwise
 
 Yay
 Ç
 Wow is everyone out on vacation?
 Lol no
 Office leader and 2 of the PM's are on vacation
 5 others are collecting survey data in DC
 Lol wow
 That's clutch
 Yeah and my main pm is not gonna come in this week since so many ppl are ouy
 Out*
 Oh yeah I'd do The same then
 Yeah bro
 Use the time to do other stuff
 Laundry etc
 Basically I'm working from home most of this week regardleaa
 I love working from home
 Same
 Ok bro so I moved my Tuesday night dranks so I can spend it with you instead
 #yasssss
 so i just made the best green tea ever
 bro.
 also i SEE YOU THIS WEEK ITS BASICALLY THE BEST THING EVER
 Ooo
 Btw fitbit is on sale on woot today
 Idk if anyone you know is in the market for one
 i saw i saw
 Hi babers
 
 U gonna watch the debate tonight
 Take a shot when u hear something stupid 
 Lolol
 I'm gonna have the debate on but yeah
 Not gonna drink
 Lmao it was a joke
 I can see that
 We should come here, I have free games
 Oo kewl
 Also there's a papusa food truck here
 And the debate is steaming
 I just stepped on the end of a plug hard enough to break the skin..
 How??
 Lol
 I worry now apparently you're telling me it's warranted
 Look at this bathroom
 
 Are U watching
 Yeah
 Omg he looks like daffy duck
 I already lost brain cells
 Omg
 òê
 Dude
 I can't with him
 Comments?
 He argues like my uncle
 Which is to say badly
 I wouldn't get along with ur uncle lol
 I'm probably on a couple min lag from you
 I can't believe he has a platform
 No one does lol
 Like......
 Who the fuck loves him
 NOONE
 Baby
 We need law and order
 dis is the company thats i my building thats a competitor of user's. they are starting a beta program aka free rides: http://beta.karhoo.com/en-US/
 uber*'s
 baby baby im almost done w/ my shopping!! i just bought a coat :D we got t-shirts already as well. IM ALMOST DONE WITH THE SHIT I NEEEDS YAY.
 òò
 i know. i hope this stupid coat fits, i bought it off of gilt
 but im like, done with not having enough clothes. and my t-shirts are gonna come in soon. IM SO EXCITED ABOTU EFFIN T-SHIRTS.
 (old navers)
 baby remind me - do u have columbus day off?
 im assuming you don't, right?
 I do not
 okay. so im still gonna come up on the 8th and 9th
 and ill just leave on Sunday like i normally do, so i have Sunday / Monday off here then
 Sure hunns
 its like two weekends in a row :D
 so i have the beyonce concert on the 7th (Fri)
 so ill be coming up that Saturday
 Oh ok
 No problem
 I took ur advice bro
 NyQuil slumber here I comes
 Dawww
 Can I call you real quick before you pass out?
 Sure
 
 I slept for 10 hrs.
 FEELS SO GOOD
 Omg. Just saw a husky off his leash following his owner around
 Smiling like an idiot
 And bouncing as he walked
 Hi
 I hear u wanna call me lol
 Lol I just wanted to wish you luck today
 I wanted to be more supportive this morning but I had to poop so bad and all I could do was sit there an hold it in
 I hope you have a good presentation today
 lol sometimes sleepy jim is my least favorite
 http://i.imgur.com/DWwepzF.png
 https://i.imgur.com/uhEW4zQ.jpg
 my mood has not improved
 Omg those puppers. Barkery.
 
 have viadu show u fiesta aru's texts
 you will enjoy them when they are not targeting you
 Fiesta Aru?
 fiesta*
 Oh fiesty
 fiesty*
 
 
 no.
 i heard you're at the gym bro
 Yup just finished my warmup
 omg im so jealous. i am freezing here today
 
 you have a great workout babers
 Thanks babers
 were leaving so late
 im annoyed
 ?
 im sitting around bc i have NOTHING to do and i have to sit around and waste time here
 Why not just come here
 You'll get here at like 330
 Pack
 because theres no point
 And you maybe have an hour or a half hour
 we're leaving at 7
 how is that a half hour or an hour?
 Why are we leaving at 7?
 Did I miss something?
 thats what you said?
 No
 I said maybe as early as 530
 oh i heard 630
 so realistically, 7
 I said 7 to Vaidu this morning because I thought you were getting home at 6 and needed time to pack
 I can leave as soon as I'm done with work
 BUT I STILL HAEV TOSIT HERE
 ugh.
 Baby.
 it looks bad if i just leave
 its shitty out
 i haven't felt warm all day
 i don't have money on me to buy food
 and my parents are turning this into a nightmare
 
 Chico won't say bye
 (take him with you)
 I can't he's not supposed to be in the building we smuggled him in
 I have wine belly
 So beata invited us to go to her moms place next Saturday night to celebrate gregs bday
 
 You wanna do that?
 YOURE ALIVE
 I am so far lol
 I kinda want to bc I remember how great the food was
 Lolol
 So I found out
 Aunt Gayle from Bob's burgers
 She's Tammy 2
 òò
 I MADE COOKIES.? Vegan and regular
 Oooo I want
 
 Ginger molasses
 The vegan one is better
 FYI
 I want please
 Pls
 I'll make some dough and bring it to freeze
 So we can bake
 Lol
 Oo
 So that's a no for next Saturday I'm assuming?
 How was hanging with George?
 We can if you want
 Its been okay
 Stayed up till 530am
 He's at his dad's thing now, me and Dave are at my place
 Dude go sleep now!
 Lol
 We might actually
 Lol pls do I worry
 Lol yeah
 I know but it's not fair to you to ask u to join me all the way down there
 Aww well we can talk about it once we figure out a but mors
 And it's not fair to go back on my word to you. It's ok, I'll just pass on it
 Ok
 Oh I got a new router today too
 Yay is it better ?
 It looks like a robot bug
 Pics dude
 It makes the internet way more tolerable
 Oh this is the latest snapchat filter
 
 
 Lmao
 And meatballs I'm assuming?
 You make a fancy pug
 YES obv
 Lmao
 How is that fancy
 
 It's there in the eyes
 The creepy, creepy eyes
 I'm watching saving private Ryan while my parents drink all the wine
 Lolz
 òò
 I love you
 I see you saved one glass from the purge
 òòòòòò
 I love you too hunnigans
 Lmao yes
 We just opened another bottle
 è
 Bc I got barely anything from the first two
 Lol
 Lols
 
 
 Loool
 I was a sleepy guy
 You were you were
 Are you up?
 Yeah
 What are you up to hunns
 I couldn't sleep but I guess I never saw this lol
 Aww hunns
 Lol me and Dave passed out super hard last night
 Lolol
 Got a full 8 hours è
 How are you feeling now
 Are you a new person
 Tired but not fully exhausted
 So yeah way better
 Aw get more sleep
 George got 2 hours of sleep on the other hand
 Are u hanging out with George again
 Yeah he came up this morning
 Ooh in new havers?
 Yeah it's been good
 Dave still had to so some work this morning so it seems like the best location in any case
 That's nice
 What have u been doing
 Just hanging out, we got breakfast and then we watched some burger time
 We're playing some games now
 Ooh
 I'm on the traaaain
 
 hey
 here are your pics
 wait lemme just email them to you
 wait i got it here
 Nvm they are huge files
 I emailed
 so you've got that yay. i was able to fix the color
 so you're fine for all/either of them
 Aww thanks Hunnies, I took a look this morning
 I smiled pretty big for those photos
 Sur prising
 awe
 you did good baby
 Aw thank ewe hunnie
 Also, I go to a meeting and come back
 huh
 And there are 90 messages on the chat
 ooh
 How do you get anything done
 yeah, its mostly greg bitching about how much it sucks to deal w/ embassys
 It would take me 15 mins just to read the backlog
 mute it
 Lol I did
 and skim if i want to care
 doesn't bother me *shrug*
 it does make my bathroom breaks more entertaining
 Lol bro
 also WhatsApp web helps
 Probably
 im getting cramps
 
 crap its really bad
 :(
 gonna just do some lamaze breathing lmao
 i might go home early
 its super painful today
 so im at home now
 Aw hunns
 my entire lower back is seized up
 òò
 but at the same time my front hurts too
 so idk which way to position the heating pad
 Sounds like a really bad one
 i haven't even seen blood yet
 dude
 tmi but
 like, im not even bleeding yet.
 WTF
 WHY IS THIS HAPPENING TO ME
 Damn
 That shit ain't cool
 Are u free
 Can u call
 Yeah
 I'm just about to leave work
 I worked out AND had my protein this am! èI've numbed myself via midol too ò
 Damn baby you're killing it today
 I figure I should do it before the pain hits
 I just bled thru my underwear
 On to my jeans got some new underwear and supplies
 Why is this happening to me
 I was just thinking at least I don't have cramps but I found them
 
 
 Damn huns that's a shitty day
 òê
 yo
 check ur email
 i sent bday stuffs
 its hilarious too
 (i hope)
 Oo bday activitiea
 Activities
 òÅòÅ
 ooh
 was it a good email broooo?
 It was it was
 It's gonna be fun bro
 Speaking of activities tho
 We got our anniversary coming up
 Soooon
 yes
 and i have to buy u ur bday gift
 damn it
 Lol samesies
 LMAO.
 hmm i wonder what it will be BUCKETBAG
 Lolol
 but we have our annual anniversary activity coming up
 bro
 lets go see book of mormon. nah.
 see
 done
 Lol okay
 è
 lolololl
 we also might need ur car on the fright fest weekends
 Okie
 i figured since its not a bad drive now
 i can ask u lol
 Yeah it was just that Friday that was rough
 The other times have not been that bad
 i know
 man
 but even a hard brooklyn commute is an easy manhattan commute
 It's mostly the driving once you get to the city/dem bridges
 yeah
 so we should buy our momofuku tickets tonight
 so they don't get sold out
 and then we can get the fright fest ones whenever
 Okie
 i look pregnant
 i have a fart baby
 you're the father
 Lol
 I took nyquil last night and I *still* have a nyquil hangover
 I'm so groggy
 aw
 so i came up with this email
 to include sas in our email
 Hi! 
















 *Historians often make this distinction that Oct 26th has the same amount of #blessed as Oct 22nd per capita, but since there are two holy births on the 22nd vs 1 on the 26th, Oct 22nd comes in as the holiest day.
 i am on a roll
 
 i am funny baby
 laugh at me
 LAUGH
 Lolol
 So good
 i should have written that kim karashian line
 DAMNIT BABY
 thats my fav.
 You should go on tour bro
 lmaooooo
 i just customized that for sas :)
 so she can send to her peeps
 Cook
 Cool
 I feel like butta
 im sorry
 Butts
 im just too hilarious to ignore today
 you feel like butts?
 I know
 YOU FEEL LIKE BUTTS?
 You are
 Yup
 try bleeding through your pants then having to buy cheap hanes that don't fit to cover up your vag which you stuck an extra super tampon up (its like an inch thick omg)
 but i guess ur groggy
 Lol
 You're right I feel okay
 lmao aw baby
 maybe gym will help fight the nyquil?
 I forgot my shoes
 ins ocks
 *shrugs*
 u don't need shoes to lift
 Baby no
 just cant cardio
 That's gross
 in socks?
 no that helps w/ form
 At a gym
 barefoot is gross
 yes
 I've done it for years
 Do i disgust u now
 Yes.
 ò
 Lol baby
 I thought u liked me
 Can I call u later
 I'm on a loud bus
 OH WE NEED TO BUY THE MOLOFUKU RICKEFS BRO
 Right
 You said it's the Oct 16th one right?
 Yes
 1-3
 Yup. I think there's just the one class that day
 Yup
 Okay I'm gonna buy mine now
 U already got urs bro?
 No I have to
 So I entered my info and credit card stuff but I don't know if I bought a ticket
 I hit confirm and it brought me back to the beginning of the registration
 Oh
 On the momofuku website
 ?
 Yeah I used my phone tho
 Use a computer or I can buy yoursv
 It's okay I'm gonna try again
 I may have bought a ticket already so I'll have to monitor my card
 Ok bro
 Lemme know
 Okie
 I got a confirmation email this time
 I'll check to make sure I'm not double charged tho
 Worse case scenario I could give an extra ticket to someone who decides to join later
 
 Are you up
 Hey I'm up
 I slept a lot again
 Loool
 Hi babers
 How you feeeling?
 Groggy or refreshed
 Groggy
 I could still go back to sleep
 How many hrs u get
 jet blue sale - you might be able to use to go home for the holidays
 http://www2.jetblue.com/deals/branch-out/?source=MKTEM100516&cluid=15503328&cpgnname=20161005_Airways_FS_JB_Full-Base_N_NA_NA_NA_NA_NA_NA_NA
 Prob 10-11 after restlessness
 Oo not bad
 130 round trip JFK to rdu
 Oh nm blackout dates btw Dec 16 and Jan 4
 Yeesh
 lol
 10-11 is good!
 might be too much
 10-11?
 hrs of sleep?
 Oh sleep
 *pats head*
 Yeah I'm that out of it
 Dude I've been feeling like this since Monday morning
 This is a problem
 sounds like an issue
 don't take any stimulants
 and pass out tonight
 also the west wing is really fcking good
 I need to work dude
 Got some serious deadlines approaching
 lol
 ok then friday
 so u can pass out properly
 Lol ok
 i was having monitor resolution issues
 and the tech guy said that its bc my resolution isn't the native resolution
 and thats why i'll have problems.
 does that make any sense?
 i have it scaled back
 Yeah
 That makes sense
 but like, my screen flickering black kind of issues?
 really?
 What's ur monitors aspect ratio
 idk 1400x something
 That's resolution
 how do i find it out?
 Aspect would be like 4x3 or 16x9
 oh
 idk
 but like, i don't want my icons and stuff to be that large
 Whatismyresolution.com
 idk why the monitor wont work properly if i make it smaller
 Idk if it works properly for multiple monitors
 2560x1440
 its only one monitor
 i don't have mutlile
 That could just be the setting u have it on
 aspect ratio is 16:9
 setting? what could just be the setting?
 i don't understand why, with expensive monitors, i cant customize it without having issues
 that doesn't make any sense to me.
 I don't know much about Mac displays
 its a dell
 my monitor
 Are u using a Mac OS with the display?
 yes
 but why would that matter
 The Mac's video card and os are the ones configuring the data to be displayed on the monitor
 Idk much about compatibility
 It's probably fine but I would use the resolution that requires the least amount of calculation on the monitor end
 The video card on your MacBook can handle it most lilely
 Unless it's damaged
 the native resolution makes the shit on my dell huge like i have a reading disability
 and cant afford glasses
 but if i change it apparently the monitor cant handle it
 and i swear that no-one else's is this large
 so i don't understand why im being told that its wrong and to expect a monitor to malfunction.
 isn't technology supposed to make ur life easier?
 lol
 I don't get why the higher resolution would make text n shit smaller
 Or other way around sorry
 its scaled
 Higher resolution=small text
 system preferences > displays
 Don't scale it as much?
 im working on a 1280 x 900 now
 800*
 Baby that's so low def
 no, it looks fine
 That's the resolution that our 10 year old projector at the office forces us into
 
 Is that small for you?
 
 That's large for me
 
 That's normal
 But it's scaled down
 Yeah dude
 That monitor is not good
 It's old af
 Or it's low end
 It's apparently Jons favorite
 Which is why we have it
 I want my Mac one back
 Never had problems with that
 You just gotta go with native on this
 but its huge
 Scale it down if you can
 thats the last pic i sent
 i did scale it
 but then i have issues
 -____-
 i just want a working monitor
 The highest res isn't 1080p
 with no issues
 I would just do that to give it the benefit of the doubt
 If it's still giving you black screen issues the monitor or the video card is bad
 Or you need a firmware update
 you would just do what
 Just try the native res for a day or two and see if you still get black screen issies
 but its too big
 *Rips out hair*
 i wont use my monitor if im forced to use native res.
 
 Using native res now
 aka not using my monitor
 Life sucks bro
 yes it does
 im so frustrated right now
 Lol baby just do it for the vine
 Aka do it and get more black screens
 ur not being funny right now
 And then tell ur it guy that its still not working and u need a new monitor
 Oh huns I have a really dumb email question for you
 Do you use Microsoft outlook?
 yes
 Do you use folders to organize your emails?
 i use gmail
 Oh nm
 i use folders
 I was gonna ask
 How do u folder
 I'm finally at a point where I get too many emails to just have the one inbox
 i have lots of folders and auto routing set up
 based on products/projects
 I wanted to figure out the auto routing
 I wasn't sure if was a learning algo or if you had to set up specific keywords
 Or if you just had to manually sort shit
 you set routing rules
 I imagine Gmail has a learning algo but idk about outlook
 outlook does too
 you're way behind the times
 i had it all set up at blk
 routed to whichever folder
 worked 99% of the time
 I don't see anything on learning algo for folder sorting
 I only see these rules
 You set rules
 Idk where ur getting learning also from
 Gmail has one
 It rolled it out first for primary vs social vs promotion
 Idk how advanced it has gotten since
 NLP bro
 Do I need to build one
 Idk dude
 I just used rules in outlook
 It's too concrete for me I thin
 I have overlapping teams for projects and they don't always label emails with the project route
 Yeah I mean u can layer them
 And have keywords in the body of the email that will route
 Instead of the title
 I did
 It got like 75% of the emails
 aha
 yeah i dunno im sorry
 its pretty easy for me bc i had diff teams w/ no overlap
 but now im going to have to use the learning algo
 here
 Oh I see I see
 lunch today was good bro
 blistered shishito peppers
 cous cous
 beef kofta
 grilled chicken
 and a beet salad
 which one do u like
 
 
 first is leather
 second is leather but shearling lined
 w/ memory foam
 omg stupid engineers. i had to rush to get something done.
 *fist pumps*
 did u know that in addition to dolphins raping, apparently ducks gang rape other ducks?
 and are gay necrophile
 I didn't know about that second part but yeah duck sex is like 95% rape
 Shits crazy
 Lmao
 Baby why do u know so much about duck sex
 Should I be worried
 Omg I'm so tired
 But Vaidus drunk
 So I'm getting her food
 And then hopefully passing the fuck out
 Look it this
 
 So I think there's something messed up with my phone and/or charger. Charged this thing for like 3 hours and I'm at 11%
 :(
 so beata is out for the cake cooking class. so is vicky, franny, saumil
 its weird why does no-one want to do it lol
 
 Damn son
 Maybe they don't care too much abt cooking
 I find it so odd
 Anyways I'm bored out of my mind right now
 I can feel myself losing brain cells
 It's bad
 Wow jeez bro
 Must feel kinda good after the day you had yesterday tho
 not really
 I've never had downtime in a job before
 like blackrock was constant work
 this isn't even as bad/rushed
 i ended up walking around da ton and then grabbing a smoothie for dinner
 *lunch
 bc i was too bored to find something else
 its pretty rough bro.
 Sounds pretty rough bro
 You should checkout jigsaw planet ò
 lmao
 im gonna read a bunch of industry articles right now
 anyways, i just wanted to remind u that im coming up on saturday
 not friday
 Yeah I was gonna ask
 I remember you saying something about a bday or a catch-up
 beyonce concert
 Eight
 Right
 Bday it was then
 or a catch up, i haven't seen her int wo years
 
 
 òÅ
 baby
 i drank some booze
 the rest of the night will be unproductive
 Ok am on
 I'm taking it south
 I hope I'm supposed to
 Nope I wasn't
 Now I'm the other line
 I lied
 I'm the 3rd stop
 ò
 ò
 https://www.theinfatuation.com/new-york/reviews/betony
 Ooh
 Let's do that
 Hey babe
 What state is your mom in?
 North Carolina?
 Yeah
 Why do you ask?
 It's in a state of emergency bc. Of the hurricane
 I wanted to ask if she knew lol
 Like flights are being cancelled etc bc it's supposed to be huuuge
 Yeah she's pretty on top of that stuff
 Okie
 Florida is freaked out tho
 Dude have u seen the satellite pics
 I'd be shitting my pants
 Ps we ordered uber eats from that Thai place down the street
 ITS SO EFFING GOOD OMFG
 we gotta gooooo lesgo
 Awesome
 Let's do it bro
 We split a noodley entree
 I wasn't wearing pants
 It was glorious
 That sounds pretty great
 I'm in bed now
 Gonna pass out I think
 I'm excited for thai food Friday
 And also to get out of the office
 It's super early but ò
 Lmao awe babers
 GO homes
 My coworker and I are the only two here again
 òò
 And he's being super weird
 He's yelling at his computer
 Gross
 òòò
 Does he have mental issues
 Idk
 He's just really eccentric I guess
 Super religious but I wouldn't consider that a mental issue
 Aw
 He's ur company
 U guys can be best buds
 No
 He's the one that sits directly next to me and faces me all day
 Oh
 ò
 ò
 
 I'm going home
 I couldn't do it man. He's been intermittently arguing with his computer for about an hour now
 
 I got 10 hrs of sleep
 Am a new person
 A very lame but very refreshed person
 
 Lol awesome
 I still have bags
 But they are smaller
 I'm taking the ferry to work today again
 So easy :)
 And much more pleasant
 I think I have to leave work early tho for the concert
 Oo
 So nice
 
 Sweet
 It's 30 mins door to door which isn't bad, about 15 to get there than the walk over
 There's also a free bus shuttle service
 Wow that's nice
 so opentable has a ton of reservations for nov 5th night
 at betony
 im trying to make a 8:15 one
 will let u know if i get it
 website is taking forever
 oh crap
 i GOT IT
 wait no.
 ugh wtf
 nvm im calling them
 Um can you make an earlier one?
 Like 5 or 6
 8pm - betony
 Crap
 u want it earlier?
 Yes
 why?
 So... surprise ò
 sat nov 5th right?
 I got us tickets to book of Mormon on sat
 omg
 5:45 then
 it will be a few hours
 omg i love you
 ò
 I just sent you the info
 It's at 8pm
 Is betony at the length of time of 11mp? I thought it was only 3 course
 umm
 I was gonna try to keep it secret till close to the day
 she said its like 3-4 hours
 so its gonna be close
 Really? Jesus
 i can call and cancel ahead of time tho
 That's longer than 11mp
 lets not worry and figure it out this weekend
 Okey
 well thats the chefs tasting
 what tickets
 does vaidu know?
 what seats
 omg
 Yeah she knows
 I'm impressed she didn't let it slip tbh
 ugh u guys FAIL
 no
 i had no idea
 wtf
 sneaky sneaky
 So yay we are finally gonna doit
 lol
 yay
 im smiling like crazy right now
 i love surprises
 so would u rather just move the dinner to that fri?
 lets talk and figure it out this weekend
 i can push it :)
 Okay okay
 I was thinking we should do a dinner in midtown near the theater
 Before hand
 To make sure you are on time for your show, join us for the $65 two-course pre-theater menu (including hors dÄoeuvres and an amuse bouche) available between 5:30-6:30 PM.
 is that what you saw?
 No actually
 Is that from betony?
 http://www.betony-nyc.com/
 yah
 Nah I chose betony separately based on infatuatuon's top resto list
 But that works pretty well
 ooh
 yeah lets talk when we get backs
 Sure
 i moved our res to 5:45
 Should that cover it if the show is at 8?
 well they open at 5:30
 so we can push it back till 5
 lol
 Lol I see
 5:30*
 we can even move it to fri
 Yeah we can
 I was sorta thinking one of the days we should go back to the west village tho
 I think that's still our favorite neighborhood
 Just find something cool and low key
 awe
 On another note, I'm so hungry already
 Super ready for thaifoodfriday
 lol aw
 i saw the tickets omg they are such good seats
 https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/56b5d9/distressed_dog_during_fire_drill/
 Awwwww
 Dat pupper
 I tried to get good seats for us
 Gotta see the action
 Awe 
 Baby
 BABY
 you gotta do this with ur office pup
 
 lmao
 charlie doesn't go here anymore
 Omg
 Do khaled is the opening act
 IM DYING
 Oo
 Nice
 DO FUNNY
 How many times has he yelled his own name so far?
 I can't count that high
 Lolol
 He keeps saying NYC make some noise
 And half the ppl are sitting
 
 Other ppl are here
 
 "When I say DJ u say Khaled"
 Omg
 I can't
 This is almost as entertaining as hgtv
 Wow I feel old
 Wtf are these songs
 I mean he is in a lot of stufd
 Lol
 I honestly don't mind him
 This is hilarious bro
 I hear he's great on snapchat
 I think jay z is here
 Oh yeah his Snapchat is delightful
 I should snap this to him
 He keeps bringing ppl out
 Idk who they are
 è
 So ja rule isn't dead
 I found him
 dmx is now here. I hope he performs his hit single Rudolph the red nose reindeer
 Rein? Rain?
 Rein
 That would be amazing
 Lmao
 Do u think he takes requests
 Omg there's a fight
 The sound man cut the music
 And dmx is going crazy
 FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
 Omg
 He's snap chatting
 
 Dude she's not even on yet
 Wtf
 Hey baby I just got back
 I'm gonna sleep and then wake up and give you a call
 Dang, just woke up
 I'm getting bagels. My body is so tired omg BUT SO WORTH IT
 Baby u got like 6 hrs of sleep
 Uh yeah
 I got like 5 hours
 òê
 It's okay to rest more hunners
 (Just synched fit bit lol)
 Lmao u tell my body. I was up!
 L ol
 I think I fell asleep around 1
 So I'm gonna get food bc I'm super hungry right now. Then I'll prob shower etc and see how I feel before I come up
 Im a bit sleepy still
 Sure
 Lolol ok
 So on the way back the trains from metlife only were running till 1 and we got out at 12:30
 Dang
 So it was a shit show. We ended up getting on one of the first busses to secaucus where we got on an empty train to penn station
 We got on the bus randomly while walking to a taxi
 So it was really lucky
 We missed the entire rush back
 Sweet
 Yeah. It would have been really bad if we stayed in that mess
 50 cent bagels yo
 And toothpaste
 I made a new friend!
 He's a pupper
 Lolol
 Did u take a pic
 No I was too busy petting him
 Duh
 I'm dying òµ
 ??
 ò
 I ate a bagel n am drinking coffee
 And so tired omg
 
 I look really sexy
 Lolol
 Baby take a nao
 Nap
 I don't nap
 U know this
 I should get ready to come up
 Okie
 No rush hunns but I'm excited to see youu
 How's ur moms doing
 I've heard SC is pretty bad
 Hope NC is okey too
 Yeah I don't think the hurricane brought much more than a bunch of rain to her
 My parents should be okay
 Plus they kinda needed the tain
 Rain
 Ok I'm all dressed
 I'm gonna see if I can come to grand central soon
 Will let u know what train I take
 Okie
 I'm still just bumming it at home this morning
 Also I had a really weird/kinda cool poop experience this morning
 I'm on the 1:02 train
 Idk when it gets in
 Maybe 3?
 Can u check pls
309
 My phone might die
 It's on 40% right now and I didn't bring a charger lol
 Ok. See u then!
 Can U bring me water pls
 Okie
 I'll be there at 309
 I'm out running errands rn so I might just come straight to you depending on how long it takes
 Ok è
 Hunns would you be interested in going to Ikea today?
 I need to get that little table thing for my router and I've just been looking at little tables
 Sure
 Can we stop by and get a coffee from somewhere first
 Oh yeah of course
 It doesn't have to be right away
 http://m.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/art/70320017/
 This is my top contender at the moment
 http://m.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/art/90278588/
 I like this one too but it might be too big
 Where would U keep it
 It's gotta be in the kitchen
 There's only the one DSL plug
 So it'd be on the wall near the pantry
 In the kitchen?
 Yep
 U can't wire the wires over to the table u already have?
 I mean that wire would not look good being snaked around the kitchen or the living room
 You'll see what I mean when you're here
 I'm still at this oil change place waiting for my car huns
 A likely story
 "Oil change
 "
 Idk if I'm gonna be there when you get to the train station
 "Car"
 If you don't wanna wait for waters or coffee you might wanna grab it at the station
 Yeah I mean I figured
 When will u be there
 30 mins?
 I seriously don't know
 I've been waiting 50 minutes so far
 Well my phone is on 6%
 This is the longest I've ever waited for a freaking oil chsnge
 And I don't have ur keys on me
 So îòê
 
 I'll be in the station, come get me whenever
 Ill let you know as soon as they're done, hopefully it won't be long
 It's only about 10 minutes from the station so if they finish in the next 15 minutes you wont have to wait
 Ok ok that's cool
 They just finished, I'm leaving now
 Ok
 I'm waiting by the back I'll come out when I see u
 http://www.strikeout.mobi/football/401146/2/cleveland-browns-vs-new-england-patriots
 http://www.strikeout.mobi/football/401146/1/cleveland-browns-vs-new-england-patriots
 
 Hi babers I hope you got a chance to poop
 Lol I did, the first meeting ended early
 I'm so hungry I'm delirious
 Daww
 I had dat autumn squash soup for lunch today
 http://sellout.woot.com/offers/mens-halloween-suits?ref=so_cnt_gw_dly_wobtn
 Halloween costume?
 Sure
 Lol
 Idk if we're doing Halloween this year or not
 I just ate some chicken n waffles
 
 Cleaned my plate
 I can still eat
 Oo goddamn
 Sweet chick?
 Yes
 I dun goofed
 Should it have known that place existed
 Not*
 Oooo
 I wanna gooo
 Also I've had about 6 hours of meetings so far today
 Mondays, amirite?
 Aww
 At least you pooped today í
 Go watch the new bobs burgers
 Episode 2
 Then tell me how much Tina reminds you

 You'll know when you see it
 Lol I'll do that tonight
 Whered you watch ep2?
 It's free for us on demand
 Ah
 Even tho we don't have on demand
 Lol
 I'll just use my usual site
 Ees really good
 My Buddy's Jack-O-Lantern This Year.

 First comment
 Loool
 
 So that coworker is working late again tonight
 That seems to be the trend
 Doesn't he have a life
 It's high holiday season for him so I think he works extra so he can avoid using PTO
 It's normally not too bad when more ppl are here but at night it's like 4 hours of laughing at whatever he's listening to and arguing with his computer out loud
 I just took my laptop and went into a conference room
 Uh oh
 Lolz I just saw dis
 Good luck Hunnies ò
 Sank you
 You too bro
 Still there?
 I think I got it, I'm nervous I'm missing something
 Aww
 :/ but I have like 2-3 pages types of stuff I need to discuss and put in an email to him as well
 You want me to read it? Not sure if I can help but I will try
 So idunno if there's anything else that I can do now
 I would take another look tmmr morning before you start getting ready for work
 Yeah. Well I already emailed him but I'll make some updates and edits if I see fit in the morning before work
 Ah okie
 I'm sure it's pretty damn good
 You put a lot of thought into it
 lol it's not bad
 And whatever I'm missing I'll figure it out
 :)
 è
 Im heading home nao
 I was on a roll with my stuff this evening. Hopefully means I can do some ds related stuff later this week
 Yay! I did forget stuffs so I got as much in as I could this am. I'm heading to work now, hopefully I'll be there a few minutes before 9 so I can catch me breath.
 Omg and I'm waiting for my connection and the meeting is in 10 mins. This does not look good. Wah. òî
 
 So I just woke up sorta. Been waking up on and off to alarms and random upstairs goings on
 Aw
 I got in at the dot
 S'all god
 Good*
 è
 ok
 so reminder:
 [7:40 PM, 9/29/2016] Beata Shahiri : Have him write down some more detail on math/science/comp course history and experience                         








 thats what you need to send to beata
 just wanted to send that over :)
 Thankie hunnie
 I'm gonna bring my laptop and start doing some data stuff tonight
 I'll put that together
 ok thank you babers
 u have beatas number and email?
 i'd send it to her
 but also let me know
 Oh also
 I saw Bob's burgers
 Tina is clearly your spirit animal
 lmao
 I LOVE HER
 OMG
 There's a Twitter account that's just an ML algo trained on trump transcripts
 https://mobile.twitter.com/deepdrumpf
 lol
 
 
 wow my stomach is not at all happy
 i pooped but it smelled so bad omg baby
 
 lmao
 
 
 òçòçòçòçòç
 Daww
 I want him
 
 Help
 She keeps doing this
 Loool
 It's creepy it's gonna haunt my dreams
 She even teeth kissed me
 Oh Saad responded to her breakup email
 
 òòò
 
 How is she doing?
 She's fine
 She can't stop checking herself out with her new hair
 We're going for dinner now and ima feed her wine
 Sounds like a solid plan
 Have fun hunns
 Thank you. I love you
 I love you too babe
 òòèòè
 There's a guy in my subway car whose mustache reminds me too much of my own... òê
 òî
 è
 òèòè
 im getting breakfast tacos catered for my bday
 :D
 YASSS
 cuz ill bring in one cake
 Ooooo
 Love bfast tacos & burritos
 i think its the best option. carbs + protein + minimal butter / cheese
 even veggies can eat it
 Yup, unless they're all full vegan
 Which I mean c'mon man
 I'm doin by best, y'know?
 lmao
 oh
 my vegan baking cookbook came in
 :)
 s'where we got the cookie recipe
 and it was so damn good i bought the book
 Lolol
 chipotle coupons
 if u play this game
 https://www.alovestorygame.com
 i just did it and got mine
 (its via text)
 I see
 I'm hungry baber
 lmao
 go get food?
 or do u have meetings that you cant go get food yet until some ungodly hour
 Lol i prob will soon ish
 I'm omw to work
 lol
 grab food on the way in!
 and play that chiptole game. im excited
 So I prob should be there a little while before I leave again
 Lolol
 Maybe I'll get Chipotle today
 but then ur stuck w/ two meals
 im sure thats not a problem for you
 Oh man I wish I had known
 I coulda grabbed one of my coworkers
 I'll just have nothing but Chipotle today
 I'm good on that
 They require your phone number
 Last thing I want is more bs robomarketers
 yes
 thats how they send u the coupon bro
 omg lunch today was so good
 :)
 1/4 roast chicken, veggies
 Whatd you have
 Oh nice
 I'm actually tired of chicken n veggies
 I've had it too much these past few weeks
 roasted colored carrots
 roast chicken
 n an arugula and fennel salad
 there was faro but id int have
 omg
 I'm debating between salad shop and chipotles for lunch tpday
 i think theres tods on gilt again
 and an extra 30% off
 Oo
 damn only for women
 bummer
 well theres an extra 30% off
 wat a bummer
 I kno dude
 I'm getting my salad
 lol
 It's the best
 salad is good
 :)
 now i has a coffee w/ some cinnamon in it
 I'm still feeling so out of it tho bro
 why?
 can u go see a doctor?
 its concerning that you always are out of it
 I haven't slept too much this week
 should i know?
 like should i even bother asking
 òê
 Depression bro
 ??
 I'm pretty low energy to begin with
 im trying to follow ur train of thought
 and cant
 well i hope you feel better
 Lol
 So I only have 6% storage left on my phone
 I might have to start deleting some of my cat and dog gifs ò
 lmao
 
 
 Gotta preserve the good ones
 lmaoooooo
 you're cute
 ò
 Baby the left doggo is doin all the work
 How can they go to the park if they can't close the door
 you has a problem
 Yes, and the solution to my problem is more dog gifs
 Clearly
 Also this
 
 no
 A rare sighting of the North American Snow Loaf.

 The Binding of Isaac

 Lol dat snow loaf
 Bedfellows

 I pooped out a whole pound of poop this morning
 #feelsgoodman
 I think ur phone is off. Anyways vaidu was being such a bitch this morning omfg. òì
 Blaming me for everything
 She didn't study for her interview or prep "oh that's cuz she tried to prep with me last night but I wasn't having it"
 Her dress was wrinkled "oh that's cuz she put it on the dryer but did it on air dry/fluff cuz that's what I told her to do"?
 Omg kill me now pls ò£î´
 Mind u she's using all my interview shit for this interview bc she didn't prep anything until I got home
 My leather binder thing. My dress. My blazer. I mean I helped her out with that and gave her quick words of advice
 Did she need me to hand hold her through it all then when she didn't communicate that just blame me for everything that went wrong this am?
 I didn't say anything to her so I'm basically telling you instead but holy crap that's annoying
 
 ok i spoke to her about it
 also i threw out my steamer so opinions
 should i get a steamer or an iron or both?
 the set of 2 will be 30 bucks
 might as well right
 Hey, so my phone freaked out on me last night, I shut the dang thing down so it would stop freezing
 It's looking better after a restart and a charge
 ok
 Looks like I missed a lot
 i have a spare iPhone, the screen fixes up for 30$
 if u need a verizon phone NOW
 we can do the transfer this weekend
 My phone seems okay now
 well, offer is out there
 i know its not the most attractive to u
 I think it was having memory issues cos I leave like 40 apps open 
 but almost free phone can be nice until u figure out ur stuff
 I appreciate it
 I don't mind the iPhone, I just like mine a little better
 ur the only dude coming
 to momofuku
 Lol
 Who all is coming anyway?
 Sas and Audrey?
 yah
 sas audrey vaidu me u
 That's cool
 I still need to call chase back
 I should do that right now actually before I forget again
 aw
 baby pls remember to print out ur pmomofuku ticket
 can u actually just email it to me?
 and ill print it out?
 thanks.
 Sure, will do
 thanks babe
 i just printed out ur ticket too so u are set
 I miss u s send me pics
 hi
 guys wat
 guess wat
 *flails*
 \o/ \o/
 Wat?
 i see youuuu tonight
 ò
 we are not meeting up with anyone
 so take ur time coming down
 Okie
 I'm on the 530 train down Hunnies. Should be there around 8
 Yay
 You hungry
 Not right now but probably when I get to u
 I feel sick atm
 Oh no
 What kind of sick
 U gonna give me the flu sick
 Or shit lunch didn't sit well with me sick
 Nah more like my lunch gave me the runs sick
 Omg
 òê
 ?
 Are u ok now
 Oh my comment lol
 Should I pick up pepto?
 I'll prob be fine
 Yah
 Thai food?
 I may have to poo on the train but otherwise I'm good
 No it was leftover delivery from last night
 Oh noes
 The thai food cart does not betray me as such
 From where?
 I'm in my way home now
 Awe I should learn how to make you Thai food
 Ur second love
 Lolol
 First is chicken wraps
 Third is me. òê
 But I accept it so it's cool bro
 I'm glad you've finally made peace with it
 ò
 Love you baber
 So I'm holding doughnuts on the subway I hope the smell of sweat and piss don't permeate them
 
 Lol and desperation, don't forget the stench of desperation
 I gots a variety pack, one choco one pumpkin one matcha and one I can't remember I guess it's a surprise
 Lol
 ò
 Happy early birthday vaidu 
 Hahah
 Pretty great
 I can't wait until Sunday
 We're all gonna be super sugared up
 Sugar high
 YASSSè
 Áã„ÅÊîÂ•è‰„Å®„Å≠„Åì„ÄÇ-Autumn music festival and Maru.- - YouTube

 I'm so annoyed right now
 
 Did u say anything to vaidu
 About what
 Me being annoyed bc she's texting me an apology and I'm wondering if it's genuine or not
 Idk I think she's just upset at what happened
 I'm just excited for you to stroll back in like this http://m.imgur.com/gallery/HfiEsRa
 I don't even care
 Why does she ruin everything
 And I'm late
 It's okay hunns you'll get your cut n color
 It'll be great
 ò°ò°ò°ò°ò°ò°ò°ò°ò°
 My hair is short
 ò
 U got pics?
 
 U look hotòèòè
 Your hairdresser looks kinda annoyed at you taking dem pics tho
 Lol no it's just a horrible pic of her
 
 
 My face looks fat
 I can't
 
 Lool
 Your hairdo reminds me of rashida Jones
 All anne Perkins and whatnot
 Annnn Perkins è
 Lols
 So weird seeing Rob Lowe as sam
 Pre burnout/working for local govt
 Lmao
 So I'm waiting for the bleach to set right now
 I ate my chicken wrap
 It was okay
 Lol
 Made it to me train
 ooh already
 
 so it think we need to agree on a morning/pooping routine
 23 minutes, quickest I've made the trip from your apt so far
 Lol prob
 Basically, if I drink anything in the morning I need to poop like 5-10 minutes adter
 It's one of those things man
 so we both can get ready and poop in a timely manner
 bc i missed my poop window
 :(
 and now its stuck in the ahem...shaft? hallway? idk what to call it
 Aww
 Sorry huns. You got one jammed up in the chamber
 its ok, i think we just need to agree on a sched
 lol
 bc im the same way
 Lol
 so our poops wanna be best buds
 but is not possible
 His n hers toilets?
 exactly
 http://www.nbc.com/sites/nbcunbc/files/files/images/2015/5/04/140207_2723988_The_Love_Toilet_anvver_7.jpg
 LMAO
 That is hilarious
 Is that from snl?
 i b'leve so
 Looks f'miliar
 lmao
 Hey huns, got a question for you
 Are you gonna be in NYC on the monday/Tues after Halloween? The 31st and 1sr
 sure
 yes i shall be here
 Okie
 i have nowhere else to go
 i can see if i can wfh one of those days
 I wanted to make suure
 if you're gonna be here to spend some more time
 im assuming you're flying out the 1st
 and thinking then you can just stay here?
 Well I got that trip and my pm doesn't want to spend the night
 wtf
 thats odd
 so whats the plan then?
 I can take a 555am flight out for this meeting and fly back in the afternoon but I'd have to do it from LGA
 I think I could probably stay the night in DC if it makes sense for me but idk if it's worth it
 jeez
 I'd just need to be up at 4-430am to make the flight
 im assuming going the night before isn't worth it
 Which.. ifk
 ?
 Maybe
 like fck that noise
 I'm gonna keep looking but it's surprisingly cheap
 4?? are u shitting me
 Yeah cos I'd have to get shaved and into a suit
 yeah
 id keep looking esp if you're billing them
 And flight is at 555 so 30 mins to get in to lga
 Well okay if I don't fly in on Tues morning I'll most likely have to be up in time to pick my pm from the airport when he lands
 Btw I have been on the train 40 mins
 Already had 2/3 cakepops
 lmao
 baby
 stop urself
 have some self control!
 I did no have any bfast
 lmao aww
 well now u diiid
 Lol ya
 I won't be in new havers till 145ish
 ooh
 then cake pops it is!
 Lol yup
 do u have ur cake /w u
 bc i realized if ur driving down
 u should just take it back next weekend
 when u have a car
 to transport it
 Lol I have my cake
 I'm gonna be at work just in time for the post lunch crowd
 Slash pre weekly staff meeting
 Ppl will enjoy my cake
 Probably some ppl will eat enough to vom cake
 That's the dream right there
 hey make sure u get beata the stuff she wants on u
 i forgot to remind u before lol
 Yeah gotta get that done
 I kept getting busy with work junk this week
 I don't like my hair
 I don't feel good with it
 What did I do
 
 Baby noo you look so pretty
 You'll get used to your hair
 It'll be a pain in the ass to adjust but you can do it bro
 I want to cry
 I would like to give you a big hug
 :(
 no-one is understanding my plight
 hows the cake bro
 It was pretty goood
 I left it out for ppl to try but so far no one has tried
 omg sas is being such a bitch right now
 awe
 did u email out "i brought cake!"
 Lol no
 ....
 we usually email or slack "bought cake!"
 or something
 so ppl know
 But our office is smaller than yours and the cake is in the one place everyone has to stop
 Literally impossible to miss
 even at blk we did it
 You had a massive office
 Ours is like 1/5 the size of urs
 Just that one floor
 oh
 i was talking about just inter team
 like between 20 ppl
 but i guess you know best
 sorry to suggest anything
 Lol it's okay
 But yeah there are 12 ppl in the office right now
 They all saw the cake
 They know.
 then idk what to tell u
 but will be a shame if it goes to waste
 I'll just keep it in the fridge At work
 I'm not bringing it home
 lolol
 u don't want to gain 20 lbs?
 shocking.
 I'm so curious about the cake
 Did someone start eating it
 
 Lmao
 Have some nice how is it
 It's good apparently
 I had a piece myseld
 A sliver one
 yummy
 not too much frosting?
 I liked it but tbh I like the cake balls better
 the cake is really sweet but the flavor is addicting as fuck
 No but I think if I had put the 2 scoops on the top it would have been
 how much did u put
 its beautiful tho
 even that pic u sent
 looks amazing
 It actually got a bit dry from having been in the freezer
 I think it was worth the class
 We can always go online n get dat recipe
 oooh
 And, y'know, maybe go easy on the frosting
 :)
 yeah i really like it
 we can even do 2 layers
 Yup
 good times
 so update: apparently saskia is too scared of me to talk to me face to face
 i think i said something in the group chat she didnt like and then just started coming at me like crazy. then starts texting vaidu being like wtf is wrong with aru is there some problem i don't know about. and when vaidu was like ....u should talk to her sas is like oh im scared of her
 What?
 You guys just hung out yesterday
 Idgi
 yeah
 this was over me being sad about my hair
 i said something and she just couldn't deal w/ how critical i am of myself? idk.
 idk dude
 but i thought that was funny
 that she has a problem w/ me but wont just tell me so we can hash it out. she'd rather just ignore it instead
 òê
 apparently i have changed since vaidu moved
 Hope it works out for you hunnz
 and she didnt want to say anything bc <insert some bs excuse here>
 She prob doesn't understand the context or something
 òêò
 its the weirdest thing
 why throw it in my face now while arguing instead of telling me that ur concerned?
 And after a pretty lengthy talk about how were new Yorkers and are pretty confrontational by nature
 But I mean maybe it's tougher with friends bcos you're more concerned about their feelings
 omg i didnt even catch that.  she was telling vaidu this, i just had vaidu tell her to talk to me
 ò
 Also I gotta say
 Audrey has some pretty great comedic timing
 omg i love her.
 she's hilarious
 She could srsly have a (admittedly less lucrative) career as a comedienne
 hahaha ill let her know. yeah, she's hilarious, its great
 Yup
 Oh
 I almost forgot
 
 Not sure if I've mentioned this to you before, but I kinda want to have a dog as a pet
 lmao
 no you've never mentioned a dog before
 Well, now you know. It's been on my mind, not sure why
 So weird, right?
 òòò
 yeah, definitely odd. :P
 but forrealsies -- how happy were you when u walked on the elevator and then the pupper got on too
 Haha baby you don't even know
 He came up to me and nuzzled for a sec trying to sniff me
 His owner pulled him away and I was like "nah it's fine I don't mind"
 On the inside I was like PUPPEERRRR
 lmaoooooo
 the owner was probs like "get away from the crazy man"
 Is this how people get with babies?
 yes
 this is how ppl get with babies
 Huh
 lol
 did u just realize this
 Lol I've sort of figured but I've never asked anyone who's been like this with babies
 Mostly because I don't really know anyone like that atm
 awe :)
 i think its cute
 i saw the dog then i saw you and i was like oh boy
 Lool
 i bet that was a fun elevator ride
 I didn't get to pet the pupper because I was preoccupied with something
 But otherwise it was pretty great
 awe
 Is it normal to have occasional daydreams of a house out in the country with fields n shit and a loyal doggo?
 But I mean with good wifi and access to restaurants and good produce and shit
 depends, what are you wearing in these daydreams
 lol so specific
 ..not flannel?
 am i in these day dreams
 or are you alone
 you and doggo vs. the world
 Well I have a beard and an axe in these daydreams
 then why are u not wearing flannel?
 More and more I'm thinking this daydream is just from some men's fashion ad
 î
 lmao or the paper towel label
 Either way, I'm pretty sure I'm just remembering some advertising now
 Well I guess I added in the access to wifi and shit
 lolol
 no more panera soup for you
 
 Mornin hunns
 So I've decided on a poop routine for us
 Thrilling I know
 I did this bc I couldn't poop yest and apparently it fucked up my poop schedule today too
 
 What u got
 I poop first.
 Lol
 U usually do hunns
 I knows but if it's slow for a day this happens
 So I guess u can't drink water before I poop?
 Oh I left ur sunglasses here
 Yeah I'm aware
 Okie
 Drinking coffee not helpingòì
 Maybe a run later hwill
 Weird bro
 ò
 Oh I had a cakeball yesterday
 Super yum
 Yaaas
 OMG WE HAVE OATMEAL PACKETS AT WORK
 THIS IS AMAZING
 Lol what kind
 quaker
 the variety pack
 i got cinnamon n spice today
 but theres apple cinnamon and maple brown sugar
 http://i.imgur.com/igF7lIN.gifv
 im officially not into my hair.
 and im having a really hard time with it
 i found a hair extension bar i can go get a consultation with for free
 i might do that
 for the time being
 
 I'm basically avoiding all mirrors
 Bc every time I think about it it makes me want to cry
 do me a favor and stop calling me beautiful/complimenting my hair
 it just makes me angrier
 Are U there?? I
 No
 òê
 The video that inspired this sub

 Important message
 Lolol
 That corgi is strutting so hard
 Lol
 I thought you might like that
 
 I did I did
 òò
 Can I call ye pls
 Okie
 
 Aww
 Booopers u are going thru that Reddit
 Lol no
 Just a couple
 
 I'm serious. Don't come this weekend.
 I love you babe but I can't help you with this
 It really sucks when you make everybody around you miserable because of something like a bad haircut
 You can leave at any time.
 You're being an asshole to everyone because of this and you need to chill bro
 I'm gonna get back to work.
 The door is right there, you can leave at any time you want. I'll stop talking about it and how I'm feeling, but if you can't just be there for me because this is really upsetting me then I really don't know where that leaves us.
 No babe, there's a difference between talking to me and telling me how you're feeling and being a complete dick because you're feeling bad. What you're doing is hurting me and I wish you understood how you make me feel when you get so pissed off at everything when something like this happens
 I always want to hear how you're feeling and I'm always gonna want to help, but you have to take me into consideration too
 Don't not ever tell me anything because you think it makes me feel bad. Just maybe consider how the way you handle bad situations is making people around you feel
 I still love you and I still wanna come down, but I also want you to treat me with respect
 I'm sorry that I'm making you feel like that, but I don't think you're fully understanding how badly I'm coping. I know to you this is just a haircut I have and you think I'm just being a big baby about it but it really sucks when this is the lowest I've felt since I can remember and you don't want to hear it. I'm sorry I don't have the mental capacity to think of you and take your feelings into account. If my handling this is bad and I need to step back and consider others, I don't really think I have the ability to do that right now.
 yo.
 so beata is ready to look for external candidates for junior data scientist
 she said theres an open rec on her team and theres a similar rec on another team
 she said to send you: "Course list, programming experience, any database, data modeling  experience, level of proficiency in statistics, General career aspirations for the next 5 years"
 no need for cover letter yet
 Hey
 the info she wants can just be int he body of an email, etc. nothing formal, just for her to consume
 I'll do it tonight. Haven't done anything but work since Tuesday but I'll fit it in
 she is writing the rec now, ill send that over as well once she has it
 Okay
 i just created another group in WhatsApp
 Cool, cool
 :) *thumbs up*
 
 òê
 Dat tail wag at the end tho
 òêòê
 so i didnt need a shower this morning
 bc i got one on the way in to work today
 :(
 
 Didn't realize it was supposed to rain
 yes
 we might cancel fright fest
 and do museum instead
 Museum could be fun
 ikr! how was the rest of ur night
 did u stay up super late?
 It sucks that it's probably gonna rain on the day of ur birth tho
 I couldn't, I tried
 :\ i dont wanna nag but did u send beata her stuff yet?
 i know she's gonna ask lol
 I worked another 30 mins on my thing for beata and then I ate and sat on the computer
 No but I've been shirking responsibility at work to get this thing done
 :(
 I probably put way more effort into this thing than she's thinking
 i dont think its super formal, just a small write up. idk if that makes it easier on u or not
 Lol it looks like a report atm
 i think it was just a few paragraphs lol
 Oh god
 just send it
 you over acheiever
 It's 5 pages long right nos
 And it's not done
 what are you writing
 a novel
 a memoir?
 So I started by listing my stats courses but I realized they are not at all self explanatory
 So I wrote descriptions of them
 Then I wrote some stuff I did at work but that needs some explanation
 oh
 i see what u did
 So then I was putting down databases I worked on and I figured, fuck it lets go with the theme
 aww
 im proud of you but im finding this slightly hilarious.
 And so I have a short paragraph of explanation for everything including my experience with coding langua
 I had it in informal bullet form for a bit but I figure that I should at least show beata upfront that I'm a gd professional
 lololol
 baby
 i love you
 Also I don't want it to look sloppy if she shows it to anyone elss
 but something
 :\
 Lol but something
 what on earth
 sometimes***
 Yeah she probably will not expect what I'm gonna send her
 omg
 add a table of contents
 lmao
 Can I send to u before I send to her
 Hahaha
 sure
 I almost did
 Not even kidding
 your 2 masters are showing
 id be like *writes paragraph* done!
 Lolol
 you're like....*writes thesis*
 Well I also worked on a report yesterday that went out in the afternoon
 The hardest part is writing that paragraph on what I wNt to do tbh
 yeah
 So far I have ultimate goal of leading a team of ds ppl
 Start by working at becoming a subject matter expert in the primary focus of the company
 you should say something like leading a team of data scientists to influence product/company strategy or some shit
 Step 2: ??
 step 3: profit
 ò
 like ur ten year goal can be start a company u know
 I mean it is
 but ur 5 year goal is to work for a corporation to become a subject matter expert leading a team to blah blah blah
 u know get ur name out there
 and get expereince
 influence strategy and vision
 and then once u have lots of ppl that are like hey this jimmy character is amazing
 then u can get investors and do the whole company thing
 Okay I just sent it
 Lemme know what u think
 It's only 3 and a half pages
 i like it
 throw career goals at the top
 Okay
 besides that i like it
 i'd send it
 w/ ur resume
 then let her know in that chat
 i think this is perfect actually, now u have that
 oh
 write at the tpo
 top
 what your degrees are in
 masters and undnergrad
 before you list coursework
 so she knows the proficiency level
 Lolol
 I need to add another section
 My pagination ò
 whats that
 Lol it's a word for how the body of a document looks around the page breaks
 ohhh
 i thought u meant the name of ur section is called my pagination
 and was ocnfused
 Like if you have bad pagination you'll have a paragraph break lile 2 lines in
 Oh no no
 Aaad I added page numbers
 Okay done
 shake shack for lunch
 the chicken is really good dude omg
 Yeh its kind of amazing for a burger place
 Btw
 What do you think of this laptop
 HTTP://shop.lenovo.com/us/en/laptops/thinkpad/11e-series/11e-yoga-3rd-gen/
 I'm thinking for a laptop I can bring around on trips and also for my dad as a Christmas present
 It's on sale for 279 on woot today
 website is still loading
 gimme a min
 its ok
 im not a fan of the swivel
 prob wouldn't want it for myself
 http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2490391,00.asp
 i'd pass on it for myself
 Yeah idk
 I'm on the fence now
 I've more been looking for my dad than for me and I'm a bit worried 11 inch screen is too small for his eyes
 it is tiny
 i have 13" and its small
 I might wait till black Friday to see if something better comes along
 honestly, i'd pass
 Yeah I think I'm gonna pass
 I like it for travel but it won't do what I need it to for my dad
 Also I guess it's not that useful for me
 Do you think Vaidu would appreciate this shirt if I bought it for her?
 http://shirt.woot.com/offers/so-games-much-thrones-wow?ref=cnt_ctlg_dgn_7
 LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
 is cold
 im dying
 yes, can be a gym shirt
 I've been looking around for her Abroham lincoln shirt
 What's her size
 small
 https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1B0wbKVXXXXX_XpXXq6xXFXXXb/Hot-Sale-Game-Of-Thrones-font-b-T-b-font-font-b-shirts-b-font-Crows.jpg
 omg
 Loool
 Love it
 I guess the shirt will take a couple weeks to ship
 lolol aww
 Says 7-10 biz days plus 2-3 to start the shipping process
 oh.
 then cancel?
 im laughing abut crows before hoes
 sog ood
 sogood
 tshirt designers are so witty
 lol
 I think it's fine this way
 I'll forget about the tshirt and then randomly Vaidu will get a package addressed to her
 She'll open it hopefully laugh her ass off
 òèòè
 Send nudes pls
 Loool
 òèòè
 Humor me
 Yes still in the ê∂è†
 Youre*
 Here u go
 https://www.google.com/search?q=nudes&safe=off&client=ms-android-verizon&prmd=ivn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiJ5Ye-_ezPAhXLKCYKHbvzAMIQ_AUIBygB&biw=360&bih=559
 What is wrong with u
 U told me to send nudes
 I found some nudes
 I was expecting creativity
 This is just as lame as underprooved bread
 òê
 Baby no
 My bread is unassailable
 Lies
 LIES
 I'm full but I'm hungry right now
 That ever happen to you?
 Yes
 Just poop it out
 Lol
 I can't remember if I pooed today
 I think I did
 Try again
 Chug water
 Or better yet
 Wait for me to have to pee
 And then run to the bathroom instead
 ò
 
 I curled my hair
 Can't u tell
 Wasn't it worth all the effort?
 I can tell
 It looks a lil curly
 òê it's straight bruh
 I haven't showered today
 Come here and smell me
 
 Lolol
 .......GUESS WAT
 It's your birthday!! ààÅ
 Happy birthday Hunnies 
 Thanks bro
 So six flags is cancelled
 I kinda figured
 So dim sum! But the waits will be kind of ridiculous
 An hour ish
 But ppl might not go out
 rain
 So we're doing dim sum instead. Planning on meeting around 1.
 
 Here:
 Franny is coming to help translate
 And there will be mimosa carts
 Can u make it?
 It's gonna be close but I will be there
 Okay dudes take yer time
 I'm gonna be late
 There's shit traffic on the highway and now my tire pressure sensor went off
 I gotta find air
 Is it just bc it's cold outside
 ?
 Deflategate 2.0
 Call me when ur here we got seated
 
 I'm on my way now
 The last uber didn't pick me up 
 Yay
 That happened to us too
 I watched him turn around twice and then drive away on the map
 Strange
 Are U here are U here
 Still on the wburg bridge
 Oh
 Just got to work.. hwoops
 Not too bad though all things considered
 Oh no that's pretty good timing
 Oh look someone took a snap about my life
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/DxykHAv
 Lmao
 i was getting so frustrated at work and now i spoke to Gary and its all better
 im trying to re-program myself to ask for help
 but wow asking for help/more direction really works
 why didnt i do this sooner
 Lol sounds like you found what works for you
 That initiative
 lmao ikr
 its what normal ppl do
 am i normal suddenly
 also im gonna be by myself tonight
 :(
 :(:(
 You can always Skype with me bro
 ooh
 that would be fun
 u can watch me do dishes
 Lol
 You can watch me work ò
 and shout inspirational quotes
 Yup
 Just like dj Khaled
 Side note. Apparently my autocorrect now has Khaled as the most likely next word after I type "dj"
 dude the cake is amazing
 LMAO.
 autocorrect knows whats up
 Uh ya
 i want to take the one out of the freezer and eat it
 for dinner
 
 all week
 or breakfast
 omg its so good
 Lmao
 oh you're still on the DJ thing
 ok
 lemme catch up
 u know his name is khaled khaled?
 I did not know this
 That is amazing
 lma
 lmao*
 I'm so hungry hunnigans
 I think our hangover day has temporarily increased my appetite
 Oh
 Me too
 
 Loool
 
 O my
 Lmao
 
 Lmao
 I was so gd hungry
 So I got halal bros as I was heading home
 And so
 Now I am in the throes of a food coma
 Dat red sauce
 Dat white sauce doe
 I'll give u some white sauce
 (And some red sauce too)òèòè
 I sent u a snapchat bro
 Lol gross
 Lol butternut squash
 Butternut. Squash.
 I'm in bed
 è
 Daww
 I would be in bed if it weren't for me needing to cook my chicken
 I'm so tired idk why
 Did u wake up in time?
 Eh close enough
 I'll be to work before 9
 I'd have been there earlier but I ended up mixing my chicken salad and cleaning all the dishes
 Took a lot longer than I thought it woild
 Lol
 When did u wake up?
 Like 715
 I didn't sleep well tho
 I think I'm getting sick again
 i would recommend sleeping next to a furnace
 I agree
 Now where will I ever find one of those?
 idk but when you do shower said furnace with gifts
 Lolol I just saw this
 Sounds like a good hypothetical plan
 did u send beata that thing
 ?
 i haven't really spoken to her all week lol
 I sent that stuff to her before I left ur house on Monday. Haven't really heard from her since then tbh
 This week is going to be bonkers
 I'm gonna be working 8am to probably midnight every day
 Bit of good news though, the meeting next week in Virginia got cancelled so I don't have to travel out on Monday night
 oh
 thats goo
 good*
 the 8-midnight sucks
 I am well aware bro
 I'm getting sick ò *cough cough* I've got the black lung *cough cough*
 Vaidu is also sick
 òòò
 Aww
 We probably got it from going out on sat
 òòòíòµòá
 Bro
 Should I work out today?
 I don't feel great but I'm kinda thinking it's only gonna get worse towards the end of the week
 I'm passing
 Mostly bc I'm lazy lol
 But I can't really breathe normally
 So ...
 I worked out. It was really tough but worth it
 Also I accidentally discovered an amazing recipe
 Chicken salad (shred chkn, pepper, salt, celery, craisins if ur a badass), romaine lettuce, pickled banana peppers, couple carrots in a warm wrap with sriracha
 It's like white dude bahn mi, it's crazy good
 Add a little cilantro and a bit of ginger dressing and it'll be even more auth
 Woah
 That sounds so good
 I'm taking my chicken wrap game to the next level babers
 I've never been prouder
 I'm sick
 òê
 My tonsils are touching and they hurt
 ò
 I might just wfh
 I showered and changed and am still tired and exhausted and sick
 I would've taken today off if I could
 I shouldn't but I feel Horrible today
 Just to rest
 I have back to back meetings
 ok im wfh. i showered, etc and couldn't do it
 i even took dayquil
 and im so tired and exhausted right now
 hey babe, this weekend i might just stay here. u wanna do a weekend seperate so we can rest n chill?
 I was kinda thinking that's what'll end up happening
 If I feel better I could come down but it does not seem that it'll be the case by friday
 Yeah if I feel better I could come up on Saturday
 But as it stands now
 That's a laughable thought
 I got groceries delivered for under 2 hrs for 8$ extra fee
 That's awesome innit
 That's not bad at all
 Gonna make some chicken n some lasagna
 Nice
 So I don't have to cook when I'm feeling shitty
 I got my salads for lunch and my white guy bahn mi for dinner
 Of course everything's at work
 I'm not on DayQuil yet cos I don't have sinus pressure yet
 But I can feel it creeping
 Oh I got my gilt order today
 I haven't tried them on yet but I'm gonna tonight
 ooh
 tak pics take pics
 yeah i feel like a truck hit me
 òµò
 I just wanna sleep bro
 lolol
 me too man, me too
 
 
 My first lasagna!
 Ooh looks good
 I thought it was a Sicilian pizza at first
 300 cals a slice, i used whipped cottage cheese instead of ricotta and you cant taste the difference
 has lots of veggies too
 ù
 i need to make this for you
 and the cheese is only at the top
 Lol I can certainly appreciate a nicely crafted meal
 :)
 But I gotta be honest Ive never really been a fan of lasagnas
 I'm like the anti Garfield
 i haven't had one in YEARS
 Except that I too dislike Mondays
 but this was sauce + veggies + a lil bit of pastas
 Perhaps it is different
 maybe. i certainly liked it, but it wasn't cheesy
 it will go into my repitoire when im super hungry or dont wanna think of what to eat
 Lolol
 I made another great dinner ç
 My inner Martha stewart is showing today
 Idk why
 Chicken n veggie stir fry
 Ooh
 I'm proud of you hunnns
 Can I call u back
 I'm eating
 Sure hunns no problem
 Hey Hunnies, how are you feeling this morning?
 Hi! Im ok
 Train issues tho
 Bummer dude
 I'm feeling the same, just exhausted
 I still feel like poop lol
 Something happened to the train I'm on so it's no longer in service
 Waiting for the next one, it's right behind this one
 Omg
 Like it arrived, I got on, doors wouldn't close and now I'm on the platform again
 Ok now we're back on the train
 (On the same train)
 They announced "in sorry"
 Oh huh
 Crappy trains this morning
 òê
 òêî´
 I have a Tuck MBA event  to go to with Vaidu tonight (Tuck is Dartmouth's bidness school) so I won't be back until late (it ends at 10). And this morning isn't helping. But I was able to eat bfast which is nice, so it wasn't a bad morning, I'm just exhausted right now. I didn't sleep well either, kept getting up every 2 hrs. Coffee will power me today.
 Sounds about par for the course I suppose
 I hope you feel better hunns, and good luck (?) At tuck
 My eye bags are halfway down my face too
 :/
 I take it the event is not at Dartmouth itself
 Lol
 Aww well you can use them to store your acorns for the winter
 It's at the Yale club
 As I do
 Which is....?
 In ny next to grand central
 Ah okay
 I need a coat with a hood
 I was like, hey I'm near something called Yale too
 OMG
 VAIDU ORDERED A BOX OF DINO NUGGS FROM COSTCO
 YASSSSSS
 Awe
 Dino bugs?
 It's too bad I don't think I wanna apply to Yale
 Bugs?
 NUGGS
 NUGGEYS
 Chicken nugs?
 DAT CHICKEN
 YAS
 Fckin autocorrect
 Yuss
 Is it snowing there?
 My moms getting wet snow
 So Beata's in and out of surgery
 Ended up being one large 3" polyp blocking her
 And that's what was causing everything
 Shes still groggy but she's gonna be in the hospital for one more hr or so before she gets out and goes home to rest
 Vaidu and I might go visit her this weekend and bring food
 I'm sure she's gonna be exhausted
 It's snowing here ò
 Wow
 thats nice
 Yeah I hope she feels better
 might as well
 im getting sick anyways
 Glad it wasn't something really serious
 its raining weirdly here, like barely raining
 yeah, me too. greg was a mess
 I bet
 If you see her, tell her I'm glad she's okay
 Unless I wasn't supposed to know in which case don't do that thing
 nah its fine
 its major surgery
 of course i'd tell you
 text the group chat
 bro
 im sure she will appreciate waking up to multiple messages
 Any chance of complications?
 dont think so
 i just asked greg
 That's good, that's good
 he said minimal chance of complications
 
 i have a half hour break until my next meeting
 which is walking through things w/ gary
 i want this sheep
 http://fuzzytoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/valais6.jpg
 look how cute those lil guys are
 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/ed/80/1a/ed801aaf466c8cd4a55be9f1ee7df685.jpg
 i would like one please
 its 5 years
 we've known each other for some time
 we need to take our realtionship to the next level
 Is that a sheep?
 i thought i made that very clear
 when my statement prior to the first pic
 omg i just farted and you do *not* want to be behind me. *waves hands behind me*
 Lmao
 I love the website
 Fuzzy today
 You did make that clear, I jus tended up looking at the last picture and was confused at first
 Well then
 Lolol
 Come here and hug me
 I'll let out a few farts just for u
 Oh boy
 òí®í®
 Dnw to go to this stupid tuck thing
 Ugh
 Just wanna go home and fart it up
 Gah
 Lol I love u
 U never pick up when I have a crisis!
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/VgB8Q16
 Lol I was in a meeting with my modeling team
 So many excuses
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/bUjIv
 O m g
 You roll ur eyes when I showed u his instagram and told me u didn't wanna see any more
 And now u decide he's cute?
 I yam offended
 ãè∫
 Lol look at his eating habits bro
 Yes I know
 I've seen this
 But you wouldn't have
 IM HOME CALL ME
 
 Hey huns what happened
 I see a call and an email
 Are you okay?
 Yeah I'm fine I just wanted to get in touch with you
 All ur presents came in yesterday
 What happened to ur phone?
 It died overnight?
 I fell asleep at like 830 yesterday
 Oooh.
 Did you call me to just say nothing?
 Just now
 No I couldn't hear you
 I'm confu
 Ok
 I wanted to say YOU GOT US SWELL BOTTLES
 Lol
 I did I did
 they are huge dude
 Wtf
 Those are the 25 oz ones
 A size of two burritos
 Like one size down is what I have from the off brand swell
 Aha
 Im gonna just order you yours
 Are they too big?
 lol In teakwood
 What size do u want
 Yeah I think they might be too large
 I got you guys dank forest and blue marble
 Dark forest*
 Lolol
 Dank forest
 Hahaha
 Hope you like dem colora
 Colors
 I like the 17 oz size I have noe
 Seems to work for me
 
 Quite large
 Ok. Ima get u that and order u ur present this weekend
 The bag is perfect tho
 Aww you are sweet
 ò
 So I'm just gonna order the tods in ur size - which is 10.5?
 I'm surprised it all came in at once
 Did u not get a gift receipt?
 Umm it's either 10.5 or 11
 
 Did it not come with one??
 I have an email confirmation but nothing else officiel
 
 That's what it came with
 I'll call and check
 IM SO SURPRISED THANK YIU BABY
 Aww you're welcome
 Maybe that's the recipt?
 Are you thinking about exchanging for the 17oz one
 I sent you the shipping conf email, that's the only one I have currently
 I also have an order history thing on swell.com
 Yeah, I'd imagine it would be really heavy with liquid in it
 To carry daily
 Apparently they only do returns not exhananges lol
 Oh interesting
 Well we could always return then order again
 Lmao
 I'm sorry bro
 They're just YYUUUUGE
 Lol I kinda figured they'd be big
 It's like the length of a laptop
 You're so thoughtful. 
 Lol
 I have been known to think about things on occasion
 Lmao
 Things
 http://i.imgur.com/oCWt4Wh.gifv
 my teeth itch
 its a sinus infection
 Yeah, most probably
 D:
 I hacked up a few ounces of brown snot this morning
 i guess im not gonna come up then. youshouldnt come down, i dont want to infect you
 thats so sexy
 Probably gonna be neti potting this weekend
 we can skype
 while we're both neti potting
 sounds lovely
 i cant stop sneezing
 So I left my sweater on the bus like a dumbo this morn
 this sucks
 OH NOOO
 WHAT SWEATER
 why do u carry it
 does it not fit in ur bag?
 I just got it back from CT transit but I had to double uber it
 Lol I was gonna put it on but the bus came and I forgot
 It was my black sweater
 NOOOOOO
 ok
 ill just get u a new one bc u need a black sweater
 but that blows
 
 hopefully a bum stole it and it keeps someone else wrm
 ur hair is so light
 I got it back
 are u at the train station?
 ohs hit
 really?
 oh
 i reread
 Yeah I'm wearing it in that piv
 ct transit
 Pic*
 lolol
 im so slow today
 i gotta o home man
 and take a nap
 Dude I hear you
 when do u get out of work?
 My brain is not processing correctly today
 I gotta go back now
 Probably work till like 7 or 8 tonight
 yeah mine nighter it sucks
 wow
 so late
 im full on sick. i can feel my germs
 i plan on being in bed passed out
 I'm so there babers
 i want to be a nyquil zombie for halloween
 So I found out from my uber driver that they're reopening the FBI case on Hillary's emails
 Loooool
 But srsly
 omg
 fbi
 stop
 I am doing myself a concern
 Bork
 Bork
 wtf
 bork bork?
 doing urself a concern?
 The meme
 ido not know it
 baby
 twitter is killing vine
 u can no do it for the vine anymore
 
 O yeah no more vine
 bork bork
 
 Ippudo ramen diy
 
 òç
 We got Yakut
 Yakult*
 
 SHRAMP CHIPS
 And these lil guys
 
 And matcha ginger tea
 If it's good I'll bring u next time
 Damn son
 They had everything
 Omg
 This was us restrained lol
 There were matcha kit kats
 All the Asian snacks
 Mochi, ice cream stuff
 Japanease beer
 Japanease sodas
 Gyoyza and their wrappers so we can make it one day
 òçòçòçòç
 
 òµòµòµòµ
 Want
 Vaidus gonna call I
 Look at the gif I sent
 In the other chat
 Lool so many penises
 Those ladies working on the dick like look so displeased
 
 Hey hunss
 How's it going
 Hey boopers
 How u feeling
 Doing okay
 Do u have time to hangouts?
 I tried the neti pot and I think it just went and made my mucus start flowing
 I tried to pick up but it kept crashing
 Oh weird
 Call me?
 Hey babe
 I'm sorry
 I didn't mean to pick a fight
 Omg.
 Victoria's secrets new bra collection is SO PRETTY
 Which one do u like?
 Beautiful By Victoria's Secret - Victoria's Secret

 The wine colored or the green on me?
 hey boo
 how are you feeling?
 im much better today
 thank the good lord
 Woah I just Neti potted and after when I blew my nose and all the water out a nice glob of mucus came out
 Hey I just woke up again
 I went to bed at lile 10 and woke up at 1 with some crazy sinus pain on one side
 I think I netied wrong or something cos that's only ever happened when I was on a plane before
 I took a bunch of stuff and even used debrocks and eventually it calmed down
 :( I'm sorry bro
 How u feeling now?
 I think I had a fever last night bc I woke up super hot and soaked in sweat
 Oh boy
 I'm doing better, mostly groggy from taking nyquil at 3. Still coughing, etc tho
 How are you feeling now
 I still can't breathe
 But I took affrin and netied so idk wtf is up
 I haven't taken mucinex today
 Maybe that's what it is
 Maybe
 ?
 I took mucinex last night and it seemed to help
 But yeah I'm feeling better than this time yesterday but still sick
 Woke up at 7
 I got bored so did some stuff and I'm trying to motivate myself to finish a PowerPoint for work bc might as well
 
 Is the romance lost now?
 Loool
 It's like whiskers
 Lol
 òæ
 I'm sicker than yesterday
 Staying home and will call dr
 
 O shit lemme know bro
 I'm staying home as well
 I don't feel horrible but I still don't feel goof
 Good
 Get some rest bro
 Can I Skype u
 also say good luck to vaidu
 Or do u have a call
 Aww GOOD LUCK VAIDU
 or is she not with u
 She's here
 She woke up went to gym showered and has an hour and a half left
 Cool
 I never Neti potted last night
 And got sicker
 Is that why?
 Idk
 Oh but bro I got globs of mucus out this am
 It was so cool
 I get these nasty globs that I hack up from my throat
 Sounds delicious
 They're semi solid from living in my throat for a night
 U should bake them in a cake
 They are horrid
 :(
 Why is this happening to us
 We are good people
 
 Lol
 Hey booper you feeling any better?
 im at work
 thats something
 but im EXHAUSTED already
 i had some breakfast and woke up early so my meds would kick in before i left
 i had some espresso now
 I'm with u
 My body's tired bro
 have some tea, emergenC, orange juice right here
 yeah
 let me go ahead and push back our dinner for sat
 and lets just do something simple
 Lol good idea
 and then go see the show
 mmk?
 It's been like a week and a half at this point
 Wtf man
 I'm so frustrated
 :(
 if it makes u feel better, everyone else is sick
 its this stupid weather
 Lol yeah I imagine
 I saw on my schedule I wasn't the only one out sick yesterday
 I did my dishes this morn which is a start lol
 oh
 i did my dishes this am too!
 Wooo
 My landlord apparently wants to paint my waterspot at some point this week
 Ooh nice
 Yeah it just means I should prolly clean up the apt so it doesn't look like someone died there
 Lol aww
 I ran outta nyquil and DayQuil last night
 Go grab some today
 That Neti potting is helping me immensely although this am it was weird
 And I'm on all the 12 hr mess
 Meds*
 So I take them twice a day
 Yeah I gotta
 DayQuil for the day nyquil for the night
 Get severe if u can
 Lol I'll never wake up
 DayQuil I mean
 I took the severe pills last night
 Oh I see
 Ive been going to bed at like, 9
 And sitting in bed resting until I fall asleep
 It's boring but I guess it works
 Same
 I hate it now lol
 I want my life back
 Me too bro me too
 We'll be doing this together tho
 è
 Someoen is making a very disconcerting sound on this bus
 Imagine a cat dry heaving up a hairball
 But loud
 Lol aww
 ò
 i got scoops
 soops*
 Scoops?
 soops
 but remember scoops
 and how u murdered him?
 LMAO
 Scoops
 Rest in peace
 lmao
 ù
 my gay coworker thinks you are really hot bro. it made me laugh
 when i showed him your pic
 XD
 Lol
 Nice
 I always enjoy a good compliment
 Which pic was it
 Was it that Muppet pic?
 it was the pic from baking class
 Oh I see
 do u remember the name of the sanwhich shop we discovered?
 I think it was just called the sandwich shop
 ok. cool
 Yeah it was called the sandwich shop
 Jus checked
 mmmmm
 that stuff was so good
 Yeah bro
 So we tried more sandwiches
 
 Noice
 
 Hey babe do u need any more of your beard oil
 Sephora sale starting on the 4th and I'd be more than happy to stock u up if needed
 It's 20% off, lemme know since I'm restocking anyways
 
 Daww
 Such a nice pic
 i love it
 How are u feeling today hinners
 better
 im not taking meds
 (bc i was running late)
 but we can pretend its bc i meant to
 That's good hunns
 I'm omw to the doctor now
 ooh ok
 I think I feel better but I still don't feel great
 yeah
 best to be sure
 did u see my note about the beard oil?
 Oh
 Yas I will take some
 I'm running a bit low at home
 Also dr says it's most likely just a lingering cold
 No meds just water and rest
 Oh 
 Yeah I know I mean it's whatevs
 I'll just sleep
 lol
 u heading into work now?
 and watchu think of this? http://www.sephora.com/beard-grooming-kit-P402077?skuId=1761659&icid2=products%20grid:p402077
 Yeah I just stopped to pick up meds but I'm just avout at my building now
 oooh
 Looks nice. It's only 15 dollars more than just the oil
 My beard is getting kinda long rn
 yeah
 Idk if I should shave it down a bunch
 and the size of the oil is the same
 so i might add that. u gets a comb too
 Oh yeah lil beard comb
 Nest
 Neat*
 Should I trim bro
 I was thinking of going shorter than usual, like a 3 instead of a 4/5
 can you selfie
 like a good selfie
 not a i have a triple chin selfie
 if you think its too long
 cut it
 worst case it grows
 
 There's the selfie from Friday too
 My beard looks better groomed in that
 I think I waited too long today to put oil on so it's on the frizzy side this morn
 cut it
 trim a bit
 awe u look tired
 
 I am tired
 yeah babe trim it
 Been tired all damn day and night for like 2 weeks now
 òò
 how??
 i thought you were sleeping
 Cos I'm sick?
 Idk
 I'm just drained
 aw
 babers
 :(
 My promotion went thru
 So yay.
 Raise was modest at 6%
 But it's something I guess
 woah
 didnt realize that was today
 6%?
 :\
 I didnt either
 you work way more
 I know it's not amazing
 whats ur title now?
 Planner 4
 Up from planner 3
 woo
 Yay
 whats ur new pay grade?
 83.5 base I think
 thats good
 Yeah it's decent
 whats ur overtime?
 how much of that 83.5 do u see?
 My company has this bs policy with OT that I thankfully avoid
 Probably half after taxes, medical, and 401k
 Maybe close to 60%
 After 85 base I only get 60% of the OT I work
 shit man
 But we still bill the client for 100% of those hours
 whats ur annual salary look like enow
 Umm calandar year it'll probably be like 85ish
 Year to year it'll be more like 90 starting today
 thats way more than my raises at blk
 good job hunns
 im proud of you
 so we should celebrate that as well
 Yaey
 I'll get my annual raise in March as well
 So that's good
 ooh
 I kinda want to get myself something nice with my raise/OT cash
 yah LETS CELEBRATE DUDE
 ill give you a free bottle of nyquil and let u sleep in
 :P
 Hahaha
 oh yeah,
 treat yo slef
 self*
 That's all I can think of for myself as well
 Well that's not true actually
 oh.
 i know.
 i know
 i know
 I kinda want to buy a new laptop and a tailor made suit
 And some shoos lol
 Okay so I guess I have ideas
 ooh
 so your present of Tod's is still there
 but if you want to change it
 to diff shoos
 lemme know
 bro
 ps we should go this weekend and try em on and buy em
 Oo
 I was almost thinking I could wait for black Friday to grab a bunch of stuff
 But I also hate people
 lol
 honestly
 black friday sales are not what they used to be
 Tru
 there are plenty of sales and plenty of ways to find what you want at your price point
 without waiting for a specific time
 lol
 How you feeling booper
 I'm feeling okei
 Took DayQuil this afternoon plus mucinex so I feel mostly alright
 Dats good dats good
 How are you hunnigans?
 Are you still a-working?
 I'm on me ways hooome
 What if u said no
 Lol idk
 I wouldn't have much of a choice once the subway got between stops
 No u cannot call me back
 Thanks for asking tho
 :(:(:(
 How rufr
 Rude
 ´çççç
 What?
 ´çççç
 I think there was some mistranslation with the emojis
 
 I see fog, water, 4 shrimp and a dude
 No that's right
 ´çççç
 Umm so yeah what?
 Figure it out bruh
 Fog drop shrimps floatyguy?
 
 ò I want ç´
 Aww
 What is your favorite chocks
 I don't really have a favorite
 TBH
 Oic
 I prefer dark chocolate
 But it's hard with the no dairy thing
 Yeah tru
 WHY CANNOT I HAS
 òòòòòòòò
 ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´
 You can get mostly dark right cos it has no dsiry
 ´ççç
 Idk how that works
 FOG DROP SOUP
 Yeah I can find dark chocolate without milk solids
 also that only has 3 shrimp, your previous messages had 4
 Damnit I'm just gonna stay here and wine and not eat any more
 the story is changing I see
 I CANT THINK STRAIGHT I WANT CHOCOLATE OK
 I see
 òç´òç´òç´òç´òç´
 òç´
 ´çççç
 ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´
 Lol tm
 ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´ç´
 Looool
 ç´çç´ç                                           ç´çç´ç             


 ç´çç™ç´



 Lol baby I thought it was chocolate
 Now it's shrimp and cookies?
 IT IS
 I am confuse
 ç´
 Ur gonna get me chocolate now arnt u
 remember those chocolates u got me
 Ooh
 ICE CREAM CAKE
 NO
 ICE CREAM PIE
 OMG
 Loool
 Noo
 What are you asking
 Bc I know u
 And ur bored
 So of course you'd be googling chocolates near you
 Or near me
 Chocolates en route
 OMG REMEMBER LEVAINNCOOOKIES
 Kevin cookies?
 LEVAIN
 COOKIES
 THAT BAKERY ON UWS
 Oh
 Omg
 Yes
 I'm hungry now
 I would like several of those cookies for dinner pls
 òê
 Üòç´Üò
 Üòç™Üò
 Lol
 Baby
 What should I eat for dinner
 Chicken wrap
 Regular or boofalo
 Boofalo
 Ooh interesting
 Okay
 I will have a boofalo
 :)
 Just ordered
 I'll go pick it up soon
 U get it
 Babers ?
 Yis
 Already ate it
 Twas good
 I'm watching worst cooks in America
 Well we were
 Now we're watching worst bakers
 It's hilarious
 And I'm cringing
 Oo
 Soggy bottoms all over the place
 Lolol
 There's this one dude who hates fruit
 Thats super strange
 Now they're makin donuts
 The dude who hates fruit almost won the pie thing
 Stay tuned dude
 I'm on the edge of my seat
 Lol
 Ur so awesome
 Aww babers
 U wanna Skype in and watch?
 Sure
 Lol really
 lol sure babers
 I need to use the night hours for my runs
 Just trying to get my runs ready for the night hours
 I legit haven't been procrastinating. I'm making a bunch of future year network updates and I made a new set of factors based on a series of fit lognormal distributions that I'm adding into my algo
 I'm almost done I thin
 Ok. You know best bro, I just did not want to be the reason you missed a train by a few minutes
 Nah I've got it under control
 Okies I b'lieve you
 Thanks babers
 Ooh I get my newly acquired promoted rate for ot tonight
 Not that it makes it a ton better but still
 Tonight's weirdly fun. I'm doing stats-y and data sciencey things, I'm in my element
 Lol
 Sounds good babers
 
 U make it?
 Lol no I missed it by 5 seconds, literally
 I'm in an uber home
 Soooo uber?
 Yeah it wasn't even a question
 Ran like 15 steps after the bus and just said fuck it
 I'm already home
 The uber guy was flying
 Wtf
 Seriously
 I think that trip was 6-7 mins total
 I don't know how
 The bus would be maybe halfway to my apt
 so beata just told me that interviews will start in jan
 she just got word
 (so jp just drags errythang out i guess, and its a weird time w/ end of year stuff)
 Oh okay
 Good to know
 Baby I'm hungry again
 she put u on her short list
 so u should get an intervie
 w
 Awesome
 Incidentally, do you think panera still carries AUTUMNSQUASHSOUP
 yes
 probs
 im in so much pain right now dude
 :/
 I'm sorry bro
 You're just starting to get over being sick
 good thing u got me chocolate
 yup
 Idk what u are talking about
 Chocolate?
 lmao baby dont even play
 Lol
 Well if I did get chocolate
 just admiiiit it
 Which I probably didnt
 bro
 Do you like almonds and sea salt?
 LMAOOOOO
 i do i do
 Well
 That is good to knoe
 For future ref
 lmao
 ok
 *pats head*
 è
 so we need to go to saks
 this weekend
 bc vaidu and i have to go try on a concealer there
 and i need to find u ur shooos
 soond good?
 Okay
 also she's making plans w/ saumil on sat night
 so we're on our own \o/
 Cool
 we can go grab drinks somewhere
 after the show
 òò
 Its raining bro
 ´ççç
 Baby
 oops i meant 4 shramp
 I said a òò
 And that's right
 Don't change the code on me
 ´çççç
 There u go
 P
 òòòò
 Yay
 Oh also that nyquil was diff
 From what I had before
 It was strong
 I straight up slept thru my alarms
 Ooh
 I slept for 5 hrs
 Am tired
 Awww hunners
 Babers have you ever heard of a merchant needing a copy of your photo ID for a large purchase?
 no
 what are you buying
 sedated?
 The laptop
 oh
 weird
 i wouldn't buy it from them
 reservation cancelled
 Nice
 I'm hungry again
 I think its hungry day for me
 I just had some chips
 òê
 Haven't really been eating
 òê
 I can't wait to see u
 We just need a big hug
 I would like that
 Hi boopers
 What up
 Omg I'm in so much pain right now. DAMN MY PERIOD! òêò´çççç
 òòòòòòíÄ goodbye cruel world!
 Awww
 U got enough painkillers?
 no
 its really bad today
 im already maxed out
 and its 10:23
 Do you still use midol or are you moved on to alleive
 i got those stick on heat packs
 Oh
 and some chocolate for my trouble
 Damn
 i use aleve bc its the same thing
 but now its a mix of aleve and generic
 Ah
 it says do not exceed 3 caplets in 24 hours
 and ive taken 4
 Oh damn
 its not doing anything
 Those guys do take a little while to start working I think
 the pain has started radiating to my hands
 Like an hour or so
 Fuck
 my legs are already numb w/ pain
 i want to cry but my makeup looks on point today
 That's a real fucking struggle
 im doing everything in my power to sit here
 do u think its ok for me to take tylenol/advil?
 on top of naproxen?
 Let me consult with the sages
 ok
 please hurry
 
 Looks like yes
 Just don't mix aspirin or naproxen with ibuprofen
 ok
 and what about booze
 Don't mix that with tylenol
 But otherwise it's mostly okay
 ok.
 team lunch / korean fried chicken
 ok took advil
 jesus i might not make it
 if i die
 eat the chocolate for me please
 or melt it and scatter it with my ashes
 im dying.
 omg
 im dyin
 this is how i go
 Baby
 Don't go plz
 I'll miss you
 take vaidu to book of mormon
 wear ur abraham london shirt
 and honor mymemory
 Noooooo
 death becomes me
 i wish i was exaggerating
 Hey huns not to change the subject but am I driving down or no
 NAH U NO NEED TO
 Okie
 I'm still home lol
 ok back to ur regularly scheduled programming
 I might just skip the office today
 òìòìòìòìòìòì
 lmao
 I wanted to see what you thought of the boots
 I'm still iffy on them
 if ur iffy return
 Ok
 u can bring them down
 It's a HUGE box
 and just give it to the guys in my lobby
 oh.
 nvm.
 
 I like the brown ones better tbh, they feel like real lesther
 The black ones do not
 my stomach hurts
 is that from the meds?
 its new
 Stomach irritation is possible with painlillers
 yup
 im getting that now
 Usually it's from an interaction with alcohol but you took a bit more than recommended
 so they kicked in yay
 Lol
 but now my stomach hurts
 :/
 i wan tot puke
 whats the likelihood i gave myself an ulcer?
 Pretty low
 Youd have to be doing this for a long tine
 ok
 web md was worrying me
 Webmd will tell you you've got cancer if you stay on there long enough
 lol
 You are going to be alright babers
 i feel like puking
 my mouth is doing that thing where it preps for puke
 Are you okay?
 I mean did you have to puke?
 No I didn't
 We're going to get Korean fried chicken now
 So I'll have nice greasy heavy food in my boday
 Good
 I forgot my fitbit on the charger...
 O well
 Baby can we get one?
 
 Dash cat^
 òç
 It's so fuzzy
 Hey booper I'm on the 340 train to grand central
 wow
 so early
 love you
 I love you too hunners
 I should get to ur apartment around 615-620
 I'll call u when I'm in bk
 yay
 we're prob gonna be finishing nails
 so we're gonna be a 100 or so yards from the before st stop
 bedford*
 call us before you walk too far
 i mean u can cross the street
 but thats basically bout it
 we're gonna be right by the meatball shop
 Okie
 Yeah give me the address
 can i give u directions?
 I'll call u when I'm out of the subway. If you don't pick up, I'll check the nail place first
 so you get out of the bedrid street stop
 bedford*
 you walk to the north side of the street
 Just do address bro I'm super not good with direction
 I might get lost
 End up in Washington DC
 do u know where sweet chick is
 Roughly
 walk there.
 172 bedford ave
 u cross the street
 and walk 1/4 a block
 Is it called primp n polish
 yes
 Cool, cool
 I see it
 ok
 its easy right
 u wont get lost
 No promises
 theres a bubble tea place right next door
 get urself something
 BOBA
 TARO :P
 I shall paint the walls brown
 and they do bahn mi too
 lmao
 u can get a lil snack
 Mebbe I will
 :)
 The thai food was extra heavy today for me
 I'm full af right now
 :(
 u want something light tonight
 It wasn't any diff than normal
 I mean it is only 4, I have to keep remembering this
 Oh I decided to wear my new brownboots
 I'm disappointed slightly with the level of ruggedness of the boots already but otherwise they're actually pretty dex
 Dec*
 oh.
 that sucks
 but at least you have more than 1 now
 Yeah
 Overall I like them
 You'll see them in a little bit
 they were cheap too right
 Let me know what u think
 110ish I think
 My stomach burns
 Omg
 No spice tonight
 
 Thats fine with me
 We can go on the blander side
 I mean we don't have to go bland
 Maybe something with a bit of almond milk?
 I just can't get the heat
 I might grab an almond milk boba
 Ooh I will get u an almond milk or avocado boba
 Lol
 We are of one mind
 AWE babers
 If they have grass jelly tho
 Or coffee jelly
 Do jelly over boba pls
 I think we are the same person sometimes
 Lolol
 I'm loitering
 Oo
 I think I'm in a dead zone
 Just past Stamford/Greenwich always tends to sick
 Suck
 Oh I see
 I just got myself iced coffee
 Give me 3 mins
 I need my phone internet for a bit
 If it disconnects I get sent back and have to start again
 Are you in ur nail apt?
 Mani pedi*
 Nail
 Yeah
 What's up
 Nothin just calling you back.
 Oh I see
 This is so relaxing
 They're giving my feet a hot stone massage
 And I just got wrapped in a hot towel omfg
 Noice
 So that Vietnamese coffee is legit
 è
 Seriously this is amazing
 Im waiting for the 6 right now, should be in Bedford in like 15 minutes
 Am so relaxed I forgot I was on my period
 That's a good sign
 Good Mani pedi place
 It's crazy busy in gc
 I couldn't get on the subway cos it was full
 Are you doing okay Hunnies?
 Got Pepto and/or immodium?
 No I don't
 I'm fine I guess
 Stomach just rumbles
 
 :(
 its just nonstop for me
 im feeling like what u felt at the show
 i went to bathroom, nothing
 then i got upend as im getting up and walking out my stomach gurgles  all weird n shit
 :(
 Ugh that sounds awful
 I keep farting but I shouldn't trust them
 :( thisblows
 Immodium
 Give Me Your Hand Human

 Omg those paws
 I'm leaving work now
 *grabs hand*
 Daww
 I guess I worked 12 hours today but it doesn't feel like I accomplished much
 I was in conference calls for probably 9 hours
 I feels you bro
 I got halal guys
 It's gonna be a long bus ride home holding dat meal
 òèòè
 Hey boopers
 Happy anniversary if the world doesn't go to the orange cheeto today
 If it does well....it was nice knowing you
 HAHAHA
 Aww baby happy anniversary à
 Say no to the Cheeto
 
 Yaaaas
 
 Lol
 I checked fivethirtyeight this morning and trump lost 6% since last night
 I think that's a good sign
 Yeah I have it up
 #ontopifit
 Lolol
 Still higher 1 in 4 chance though
 Which is about 100% too high for me
 Maybe we should grab some water and canned foods
 Just in case ò
 Vaidu kinda wants to go to the Hillary rally in NYC, cuz if she wins I think that's where she will be making her speech.
 *when
 Cool cool
 baby i lost my office ping pong pool thing
 D:
 Noooo
 i drowned my sorrows in a salted caramel cupcake
 is ok
 DID U VOTE YET
 Not yet
 BRO
 COME ON.
 are u even registered
 cuz i just googled and if ur not u have to go register before u go to the polls
 and those are at different locations
 Don't worry about it hun
 I know what I gotta do
 ok
 
 Oo
 Got ur seat right here
 Yaaas
 Ur still working ?
 Not right now
 I might go back but I'll most likely work out first
 Ok
 Are u ummm voting anytime soon?
 Lol maybe
 I'm curious to see what the sticker looks like
 Can u send me a pic
 I googled but google did me wrong
 This is the one they look lile
 
 Oooooh I like those
 At least that's what they look like around here
 I want one
 :(
 Is the line still long ?
 Lol I'll see if they can give me an extra one
 I've been in it a little over an hour now
 I'm about halfway there I think
 Jesus
 Wait ur waiting for an HR?
 So far ya
 Hr* not Human Resources
 I tried earlier but the line was moving slower at noon
 I think they have more booths manned at this time of day
 It's a boring line but I downloaded a book
 Florida is leading trump
 :(
 Quick vote in Florida
 Pls
 Lolol
 Our division director just moved
 He's a handful but he's super democrat
 Good
 They just said now she has a 50k lead
 Now trump is in the lead
 HOLD ME
 Polls haven't closed babe
 You gotta give it time
 NC polls closed
 Damn
 Just got out
 I didn't get a sticker tho ò°ò°ò°
 Just this community survey one
 
 Lmao
 I'd be pissed
 U voted Hillaryright
 JILL STEIN ALL THE TIME
 nah yeah I voted for Hillary
 Lmao ok I can continue to date u
 I did vote for the green party senator tho
 è
 Baby why
 We need the senate!
 We have a lower chance of losing the Senate, but I feel that its important to vote with your issues and to help lend credence to the idea that third parties are important and necessary to the system
 Plus the candidate has a magnificent beard
 Lmao
 Did u ask him how he grooms it
 Ok I can respect that.
 Let's hope we don't scree ourselves over with shit Supreme Court candidates
 Only time will tell now
 Can I call ye
 Umm sure just give me a min
 Ok
 Gonna video
 K?
 Tell me when
 OK I'm good
 Baby I'm scared about north carolina
 Hillary was up 300k votes earlier today
 She's down to less than a 100k lead
 There was a trump ad on th the empire sa at huwhich doing
 
 
 
 Dems won CT
 Senate*
 
 Now they have an animation taking us thru the streets of ny
 Gregs facebook casting it
 Pretty kewl
 I'm watching these damn results like a hawk
 I'm gonna go work out, I need a distraction I think
 BABY
 I'm getting worried
 I look away for 45 mins and trump is now leading by 50 votes
 Is it too late to move to Europe
 Ironically, I couldn't sleep last night bc my room was super hot so I put on Netflix. I realized I was on the episode where Jed Bartlett wins his reelection. òê
 òê
 I fcking cant
 I went to bed but I couldn't sleep
 Imgur is so fed up that sea slugs are on the front page
 lmao
 i have to pull myself together for a meeting at 10
 DAMN THIS
 U got this babe
 omg
 I too have meetings all day
 we had an election code freeze
 ?
 so we didnt release anything last night
 Oh
 Wow
 
 if u wanna watch
 http://go.cnn.com/?stream=cnn
 the concession speeches
 https://i.imgur.com/Awgnu2V.jpg
 Well that's Adorable
 kane is speaking now
 Baby my laptop shipped
 i have one monitor on a steam
 and the other on work
 First good news of the day
 yay
 It gets to me next Tuesday according to ups
 im sad :(
 i also have thai curry
 and im still sad
 so
 i have this stupid meet up from work
 in times fucking square
 do i have to go
 That sounds pretty annoying
 I'd pretend I had to work late lol
 this is thru work
 its a client
 can i skip
 i just want to have a good cry
 ive been in meetings ALL DAY
 this seriously blows
 I hear u baber
 i just want to watch jed bartlett
 and pretend thats what really happened
 rob lowe for communications director
 Yup
 i think im just gonna go home
 im drained
 look it this top comment
 https://m.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5c39qr/comment/d9tgx7y
 Lol
 I gots ur beard oil
 
 
 ò
 SOMEONE IS WALKING OURPUPPER
 GOLDENDOODLE OMG
 I WANT HIM
 Ok now there's a pupper in a bag on the subway. He looks like another goldendoodle but he's smaller. I want to boop his nose so bad. He is the cutest. òç
 *boop*
 Dawwww
 Want
 How was ur night?
 it was good
 shots of tequila apparently give me no hangover if im not drinking anything sweet or mixing
 which is nice.
 how are you?
 and i realized i just need like 2-3 more hours of sleep for the bad quality i have when drinking, so i woke up at 6:30 and passed back out until 9 and felt fine
 Aww that's good that you figured out your system
 I'm doing well, just wfh
 Ppl were supposed to come and paint my ceiling today
 I assume they're still coming
 ooh
 good
 I'm just building a simplistic growth model for future year scenarios this morn
 oh. two important things
 1. DISHWASHER IS FIXED
 WOO
 2. A LARGE CHUNK OF EAR GUNK FELL OUT OF MY EAR
 WOOOo gross
 Debrocks?
 NOPE
 just fell out
 super gross
 Weird
 But good, I guess
 does your dad speak armenian?
 sas is randomly asking about your armenian heritage after she saw a pic on imgur
 and im like ....i have no idea
 http://imgur.com/rkANaSS
 No my dad is 3rd gen
 My grandpa might've spoken a little but it was either his father or grandfather that came from Armenia
 wait so ur 4th gen. so your great great grandparents came here? (
 I think so but I'm not 100% on that
 They would've come early 1900s likely to escape the genocide
 They would've been in their 20s or 30s at that point so born in 1870or so
 dang thats so long ago
 That's 4-5 generations
 they were curious why u only spoke english
 Dude my moms side I've got like 3 ppl who came on the Mayflower
 if ur half armenian
 yeah i said that
 I'm 1/4 Armenian
 yo
 oh so ur dads only half armenian?
 Grandma was polish
 Yep
 I think my grandma's side also fled genocide
 I'm one gen less on that side I believe
 jesus so man genocides
 Yeah super fun
 lol
 u know what fun
 perogies
 mmmmm
 Those are pretty freaking delicious
 is ur dad an only child
 No he had a sister
 had?
 :(
 She died a couple years ago
 They didn't keep in touch
 awe. do u have cousins on that side
 Yeah but it's been years
 oooh
 dis makes sense
 My dad didn't keep in touch with his side of the family for the most part, I honestly know very little about his side apart from my grandparents
 Even then I don't know much about them
 I think my grandma was abusive
 :o
 He's never talked about her, but I've overheard a story years ago when he thought I was asleep
 oh geez
 Yeah I know
 i think my grandpa was abusive to my mom too but thats just how it was i guess
 Damn
 Times were different then
 Mental illness wasn't really a thing you sought help for
 also ull find this funny but beata keeps saying u look like a kardashian. and so we googled what her heritage is. she's armenian but her mom is anglo something
 so english etc
 Yeah, you didn't know?
 She's got a similar cultural makeup
 well i knew but i didnt expect it to be that similiar
 now u just need to leak a sex tape with an aspiring rapper
 quick babe
 I probably have more eastern euro and less Armenian but pretty similar
 Tru, I already got dat booty
 looool
 oh lord
 give me the strength
 I'm home
 And upset and tired
 
 ii have to install plug in
 lol
 hold on a minute
 Lol OK
 I'm gonna put laundry in
 I'll be back in like 3-4 min
 ok i think its working now
 http://imgur.com/I7rBjkK
 I look like a penis today. òê. Head looks like tip and hips looks like ballsack.
 
 Aww you look hot
 My phone has been dead all day, I think my charger is bent or something
 But more importantly
 Do you think you'd be able to go to Colbert on Monday??
 1iota sent me a thing I think I can accept the tickets
 Whoops I totally thought j sent that to Vaidu is awesome chat
 Lolol
 Of course
 I'll get out of work one way or the other
 Does WhatsApp ever do that to you? I swear it happens like 1/5 times I click on a chat
 Nope
 Maybe u have fat fingers
 Guess I just got dem monster thumbs
 Maybe u need to get a thumb treadmill
 It's early enough into the week that I just emailed the secretary to put it on the schedule
 It'll be a good time
 Yay :)
 I imagine it's gonna be a good show
 So for thanksgiving are u still gonna be a hermit
 Or wat
 Oh so close to the election yah
 I'm excited
 I aceept
 Also I didn't win any tickets
 Lol did you apply for them?
 I thought I did
 I can go outside
 Lol
 It's all good
 :)
 I'm scurred to ask my momma lol idk why
 
 I'm fat
 I have more chins than lil Italy
 Lol baby
 Yeah I mean it seems intimidating on my end too
 U know cuz China town is right next to lil Italy and maybe they wander over sometimes u know
 Oh lol I thought you were making a comment on ppl who frequent lil Italy to eat pasta and pizza and such
 It works on so many levels
 Oh
 I guess if that's less racist then yes
 Well if u wanna come over lemme knows!
 It's not *more* racist I guess
 Lmao
 So I found this restaurant called elm in ft
 Ct*
 Sounds really nice
 And all fanceh
 Where is elm
 New Canaan
 Ah
 Seems legit
 The pastry Chef has a bunch of awards
 I bet be knows how to handle the doughbutterdoughbutterdoigh
 òèòè
 I love that show lolol
 Best thing we ever did
 Srsly
 We're watching bill maher
 Post election
 So funny
 
 You look really good babe
 Sank eww
 I have food baby
 ò
 
 Will u help raise food babeh as ur own?
 Lmao baby
 Btw I have confirmed today
 I can no longer eat cheese
 I got a pizza for dinner and I do not feel well
 That's sad
 I had pasta filled with cheese and canolli
 I have a feeling it's just melted cheese for me
 In a half pesto half vodka sauce
 The pasta was like ravioli but looked like lil candies. çlike that
 
 ∂
 
 You look good today hunnies
 Awe sank ewe
 My dad told me I looked like Taylor swift
 I told him I just got bangs
 Lol
 Nice
 How are I feeling
 U*
 ?
 
 
 This is what talking to urself looks like
 Hi
 So I got a skincare fanceh toofbrush
 And I gots extra heads in case u wanted to use the fanceh toofbrush as well bruh
 Baby btw
 I had not one but two separate dreams last night where I was severely balding
 Weirdly enough, one of the dreams involved finding out that I had a vestigial horn growing out of my skull. Not sure what that was all about
 So u can come for thanksgiving
 My mom was pretty chill bout it
 
 òçòçòçòçòòòòòè
 
 Nice hair
 So sushi or nah
 The train is late GAH
 Ok we're on it
 Cool, cool
 I'll be at the train station in a few minutes
 If only there was a 5 o'clock train lol
 I think Vaidus a bit grumpy bc u took a later train
 I think she's just hungry
 Hangry*
 You guys can eat, it's no problem
 And refuses to eat a snack until then
 So I guess it's her own downfall
 Nah we can get our nails did ees ok.
 If you told me when you were gonna be taking the train I coulda gone earlier
 Lol baby I did
 I was just kinda hanging out waiting for you to let me know
 I thought we discussed this
 No you said probably 5
 That doesn't mean take the 4 train
 I thought we agreed upon u grabbing a 4 o'clock train
 It means you'll tell me
 No we did noy
 Oh
 Well it was not clear to me
 I thought we had discussed
 Next time we shall confirm
 You didn't give me a definite so I wasn't gonna board a train and not be able to get to ur apt
 OK cool
 Oh I thought that was my definitive
 Whoops my mistake
 Lol no man I'm not gonna just guess
 Lmao
 I've done that before with other ppl and I end up being stranded for an hour or two with nowhere to go
 No I get it
 Not doing that to myself again
 I will never be one of those ppl
 U know that right
 I know you have the best intentions but I can't
 I never know if something comes up and you have to stay later for some reason beyond your control
 Not ur fault but I don't wanna be stuck at that point
 Ok fair enough. But in that case u can just go chill in my apt. I know that's not what u want to do
 But for arguments sake I had to say it
 Bro I won't know for sure
 Well next time I'll confirm, don't worry
 We got this
 OK ok
 We got this
 And I do know for sure lol
 U can get in. Don't u worry ur pretty lol head
 I won't leave u stranded
 I promise. I'm not George or anyone else bruh.
 I know man
 But dude. I get stranded like that about 50% of the time I hang out with george
 Anyways ur gonna come here and I get to see Sunday night jim AND Monday jim AND toosdie jim
 It's part of how I handle travel at this pount
 Yay
 U have ptsd from George lol
 And Wednesday morning gym
 I seriously do lol
 That kid I swear
 I legit hung out with his parents for 3 hours one day because he told me to come down and then he wasn't arounf
 Wasn't answering his phone
 I know babe
 It's ok
 There there
 
 Lolol
 I'll start charging for these therapy sessions 
 Lolol
 Do u guys want to head straight to sushi when u get to ur apt?
 I can just meet you
 Umm nails bruh
 Oh
 My b
 We're also way ahead of u
 So waiting around that long won't make sense
 Eh I guess so
 I'm about 2 hours behind
 I would just do your own thing if you get too hungey
 Lol ok
 Babers
 Yes hunns
 Where are u
 Trumps on 60 minutes
 I'm pulling into grand central now
 Ok
 Godspeed
 Lol thanks
 Should be there in abt 35 mins
 We don't want dinner anymore
 Oh
 Okay
 Sorry we waited too long
 
 Nvm bro just come home è°
 DONT GET FOOD
 Lol okay
 Are you still at work?
 $25 Back with $50 Luxury Beauty Purchase

 Trains suck
 Wah
 I might not make it
 :(
 I left so early!
 I know you did
 I saw
 And my hairs a mess damn
 Ok two trains passed
 Hopefully I make It on the third one
 I've been waiting for so long here damn it
 The third train is here but might not stop
 Yeah is not stopping
 Nope train 4 I also didn't make it on. WTF.
 ò
 Damn huns
 That is not normal
 lol no it's not
 we have new swaggggg
 its swagalicious
 would you like swag?
 i can get u swag.
 the hoodies are way softer than the ones i have now
 Lmao that swagu
 dripping' swagu
 lmao
 hey
 
 make sure vaidus ok pls, she just got a rejection letter from a job she was applying for
 dont tel her i told u
 and dont make it obvious
 but just keep an eye out
 Umm okay
 I'll see what I can do
 thank u
 also why is ur wave super tan
 lol
 BECAUSE BLACK LIVES MATTER, ARU
 lol
 ok, jimmy dolezal
 
 I tried bro
 Vaidu was out on the couch with a blanket, headphones, and iPad
 She doesn't look like she is in the mood to talk
 She doesn't look sad tho so idk
 nah thats fine
 Okie
 just wanted to let u know in case she was sulking
 I said hi and she just went back to her biz
 lolol
 Hey hunns what time does the office switch over to the party
 umm no clue
 Also what should I wear/bring? Keep in mind that I only have one shirt
 invite says 7
 but i think we're switching over at 6?
 lol
 well i guess u know which shirt ur wearing
 Lolol
 I do have a purple shirt but I was gonna wear it for work. Also it is low on my lost of favorite shirts to wear
 lolol
 sometimes u just talk
 and i look at u
 like why
 whyyyyyy
 then u look at me and i remember. bc ur cute.
 
 Thanks broo
 Hey huns, I'm on my way over now
 Hokay
 I'll get there btw 6 and 7 it seems
 Seems like it
 And I'm wearing the same stuff I was yesterday
 But I mean I put them thru the laundry
 Lmao
 Good
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/ucgO5oD
 Ur train is passing mine
 Good luck byeeee
 Aww bye Hunnies
 Have a good week wednesdayaru
 Btw I'm taking the 10 o clock train
 Oh wells *shrugs*
 Awe goodbye wednesdayjim
 Lol
 Btw I found cafe grumoy
 Their coffee is legit omg
 Do they have bangles?
 Bagels?
 Dunno i just grab coffee from

 Either one really
 Bc it's super good
 Ah
 I'll do that then
 I have tine
 Yah exactly
 Then Zarros for bagels
 They have drop coffee too
 Yah
 If u just want normal non fancy pour over stuff
 Thats on my way back anyhow
 The line is pretty nuts
 Oh
 Usually it's just ppl waiting for stuff to be made
 Nah the line was long
 Still on line?
 :( next time
 Lol but
 But
 I got a pour over anyway
 It's good
 lolol
 which one
 ur a coffee snob now babers
 congrats!
 Lol its a gift and a curse
 also thank u for coming it was nice to see u
 I had a wonderful time hunns thank you for having me
 I hope your coworkers didn't think I was too much of a weirdo
 Lmao
 https://www.uber.com/promo/american-express-airport-rides-2016/
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/united-carry-on_us_582b3a6be4b02d21bbcab640
 So I just checked my Verizon plan and my family has already used 60% of our 40gb plan
 It's day 7 of our billing cycle
 Jesus
 Wtfdo they do
 LOL it was my stepdaf
 I sent out a group text and he said he accidentally watched a bunch of Netflix on data
 accidentally
 sure
 Well tbf it's usually my bro who racks up 15gb of data with video
 :|
 The verizon thing just shows numbers and I haven't learned all my family's new ones
 So I got u swag what size hoodie did u want again
 XL OR L?
 Whenever Carolyn unpacks it she will get one for u
 Oo
 Umm can u look at the diff? If XL isn't that much bigger I'd go for that
 Large fit but it was a bit snug
 Loose fitting hoodies are the way to go for lounging at homw
 I asked for an XL for u
 Thank you Hunnies you're the best
 I gots avocado toast
 I'm so tired dude omg
  me too man
 I was messing around with my laptop last night
 lol
 u still haven't sent me ap ic
 Went to bed super late
 of ur haricut
 or the laptop
 Oo
 :|
 
 Not the best pic but I'm in an uber on the way to work
 
 This is the laptop
 Also not the best pic but it gives u a good idea of what it looks like
 *boops nose*
 u look not so tired
 ur eye bags are smaller
 
 My work desk is messy ag
 Af*
 Aww I'm doing something right I guess
 that looks nice closed
 I actually have been making a conscious effort not to rub my eyes as much
 good! you shouldn't rub ur eyes. i have eye patches that work/really help
 Yeah I'm really happy with it so far
 at least w/ the puffyness
 Eye patches?
 and u should start using skincare, which will help not make it worse
 yeah those under eye ones
 I dunno bout those
 Never knew they existed
 yeah  its like a face mask
 but for ur eye bags
 they're cool
 i even bought you one
 I'll try it
 but u refused to use it
 :P
 Really?
 yes.
 Lolol
 im jus trying to help
 I mean you probably made it sound like we were doing masks
 nah but it feels amazing for some reason
 Idk
 its all calming and shit
 I've wanted to try those
 well, it is a type of mask
 idk what to tell u
 bro
 Well I wanted to try *something*
 I never really knew what my options were for puffy eyes
 lol u have so many
 we'll go thru them at a later date ok?
 The Google told me that I need to rest more and get fluids
 Lol sure
 well it depends why
 right
 Lol I spose
 thin skin + increased amount of blood vessels
 no amount of water is gonna help that
 u know
 but some skincare can help minimize the appearance of them / make u feel better about them
 yo so i know we spoke and you said you'd stay up for just wanted to forward the invite of hotpot with fran fran
 its on fri night too so i said u wont be here
 but wanted to just let u know
 Aww thanks hunnies
 But yeah, I won't be able to make it
 My brain is like jelly rn
 lolol why bro why
 This whole day has been meetings
 I'm in a working meeting with the coworker that came from Austin atm
 I'll be in a working meeting with a modeler from FL at 6
 And first thing tmmr morning I got more meetings with other FL ppl
 D:
 I gotta fit in another report review before then too
 D:
 I'm in my meeting bro
 Do this morning's off to a great start
 During my 8am conference call I spilled coffee all over my laptop
 It is not functioning
 What
 New laptop or old
 Please don't tell me new
 Also CHICO is here
 CHIIIIICOOOOO
 New
 But it was work new
 Ok  so not the super duper expensive one u bought?
 No
 Ok. I guess that's better
 But the more expensive one that my company bought
 how is it now
 Lol
 It's fine it happens would just be shitty for u to replace it with ur money
 Yeah
 I'm glad about that
 Least downside
 Although it means I can't wfh until I get a replacement
 Yup. With work comp I'm like meh whatever lolol
 Lmao
 I mean still a big deal
 But less so
 Awe
 *nuzzles*
 Look at the pic of CHICO to brighten up ur morning
 He shakes hands
 Want
 and I have him a treat
 He's so fluffy omg
 Charlie is here too
 But he doesn't remember me
 ò
 How is that possible
 He loves u
 Maybe my bangs?
 Lol ionno
 I would think he'd recognize you by smell
 :( he's being a real poop today
 I'll bond with him later
 
 ok nvm he remembers me and wont stop playing with me now
 FALSE ALARM
 
 
 
 Charlie is like a living teddy beat
 Is he huggable? Like under his fuzz is he super scrawny or is he actually cuddly
 He's so cute and soft
 I want to know what shampoo he uses
 Loool
 So want one of these?
 Or u still on the goldendoodle train?
 U never answered
 I bet ur still on the goldendoodle train
 Still chugging along lolz
 I went out with my guest and one of my coworkers
 We got pizza, and they accidentally gave us an extra
 Ended up giving it away and grabbing a youber
 Baby I'm moderately buzzes
 AND I HAVE A CONFERENCE CALL IN 15 MINUTES
 Hwoops
 Would you be okay with this beard/pupper combination? http://m.imgur.com/gallery/pfT7xFd
 IM SO FULL
 WE NEED TO TAKE U HERE
 OMFG
 Fluffer in attack mode

 
 So my nipples hurt a lot
 Like they feel like they are bleeding
 Are you lactating bro
 I just reapplied neosporin
 Dude they hurt no jokes pls
 
 Okey sorry
 Idk what to do
 Band-Aids might help with chafing
 I don't have any
 Have Vaidu go on a bandaid run?
 I've had minor chafing and that seems to help most
 Btw what was that beer we had last sunday
 Was it hooker winter Warmer?
 Nm I got it
 :(
 Omg went for a short run. I'm feeling a little bit better
 It was harpoon
 I hope you're doing a little better bunns
 How are your nips
 Hi  I miss you so much
 My nips are better, I guess
 I got ready but now don't wanna finish doing hair n makeup
 Lol
 Aww I miss you as well
 I wanna cuddle
 Did u get ur beer?
 So I ended up talking with george
 Yeah
 Me too Huns oh me too
 What's going on with him
 I didn't realize he was in town
 He wanted to come up for the night
 I figured I should probably be social and hang out
 So he's coming up
 Oooh
 Nice
 I didn't know he was in town either
 Since when
 I didn't either
 Well he was in town a month ago but he had planned on going to Florida with manuellas family and then off to spain
 I guess olans changed
 Oh
 I still haven't eaten
 
 
 Sandwich shop?
 Help me
 It's gonna take us forever to get home
 Bc of surge pricing
 No umbrella
 And pouring rain
 Did u get snow bro
 
 You look really good
 I just woke up lol
 We did not get snow
 Aww
 Dude the new Harry Potter movie is amazing
 Fantastic beasts òç
 Oo awesome
 Like SO GOOD
 there was even a tiny lil twist at the end that u saw coming but omg it was done so well
 10/10
 Imgur

 Aww
 Good morning hunnies
 I hope you have a great day today
 Hi! You too
 Also I saw the Westworld from last week last night
 So goood
 I didn't
 Oh nvm
 I thought u meant he most recent one
 Yeah Bernard huh
 Nah I gotta wait for that ond
 Yeah that was a theory I didn't believe
 Really makes you wonder how many of those employees are hosts
 Or like
 Wtf is going on outside in the world
 lol yeah
 I'm on my way to werk now. I'm still so confused about what to do for thanksgiving. Francis was saying he might not stay till Friday and go back to the city on Thursday night bc Yvonne might not be able to take work off.
 I guess that would mean the three of us would leave around the same time on Thursday
 Have you talked more with your mom? I know it was kind of in a weird place on Saturday
 Not really
 I mean she went food shopping so I was helping her there bc I'm not a monster
 Lol of course
 But I still feel really weird about the whole thing
 Sometimes you gotta step away from a conversation like that for a day
 I do too hun
 I'm on board with you either way
 I told beata and she was like if I were her daughter she would be giving me the same advice
 But she agrees that my mom is going about it and the wrong way
 Idunno
 :/
 I guess I forget that your parents don't know me at all
 They knew about me for like 3 years and maybe in their minds we should have either gotten engaged by now or broken up
 I don't know
 Perhaps
 I don't get what it is. But it's really

 I agree
 Are you ok? How are you doing
 I can't imagine this is easy for you
 Still stressed n tired but I'm trying to just kind of take it in stride I guess
 :(
 If we're doing this I'll go and get some flowers from the local florist and a bottle of whiskey for your dads
 I don't know what else to do lol
 :/
 
 Lol I hear you bro, I hear you
 Nice use of that pic
 Lol ty
 I learn from de best
 Daww
 Do u think this is too much pressure and we should try to do a dinner or weekend with them some other time?
 It's a lot of pressure, yeah. I feel like we need to do something soon if not now though
 If I can prove that my presence doesn't disrupt Thanksgiving I think it'll go a long way
 But I really don't know
 No I agree with you
 But idk how or when or what the timing should look like. :/
 Also since I have a three day weekend and you have a three day weekend no matter what we do let's spend it together
 Okies
 I think we're gonna be stressed out now whether I go or not
 Yep
 :|
 I'm breaking out bc of the stress dude
 Ugh also I'm waiting for the damn train for forever GAH
 Damn hun
 I'm still home reviewing a report/getting distracted every 30 seconds
 Awe why the distractions?
 Is it me
 Lol no it's me. Also this report
 Have you read 90+ page reports written by engineers? Not exactly the most engaging material
 Sounds like a real page turner
 It should be made into a major motion picture
 Starting tom hanks
 And Alec Baldwin
 Perhaps if it was narrated by Morgan Freeman
 Isn't he dating his granddaughter
 Or niece or some shit
 Wait really?
 Yeah I think she was stabbed to death but they were supposedly having an affair. It was IS step granddaughter
 His*
 I'm not making it up to
 Yo*
 Wow that's pretty damn weird
 Had no idea
 Pretty sure yeah
 Some crazy shit
 Man, it really feels like there are so few good people at that level of fame
 I'm sure it's not true but it's so hard to tell nowadays
 Yeah
 
 We have stairs!
 Oh man that's cool
 Is that by the snack area?
 Yep
 Where that big construction thing was
 so i found something that i want
 thats $80
 you can either a - get it for me for xmas or b- figure something else for out under 100$
 What is the thing you want Hunnies?
 someone else is leaving the firm :|
 idk wtf is going on dude
 its an aromatherapy thing but i think i want to buy it myself
 Anything you think you need to be concerned about?
 Oo aromatherapy
 That's cool
 nope
 i just checked
 so apparently some shit went down
 bc i was told that i cant be told the full story
 but its nothing to worry about
 Oh, okay
 and just coincidental
 with the timing of the other dude that got laid off
 Seems legit
 but looks like there was some shit going on within the engineering team, and christina didnt agree w/ some decisions
 and they tried working thru it and couldn't really
 so she was asked to resign
 but im happy that when i ask ppl just actually tell me
 so thats good
 Huh yeah
 My mom keeps taking me step forward and three steps back
 òê
 She starts with being like oh I'm sorry I upset u and I was able to articulate what exactly upset me
 Then I said something else and she jumped back and was like OMG NO WHY
 Then I had to clarify that she was taking what I meant wrong
 And now she's just calmer but also a bit upset I think
 That's... I don't even know
 Stressful
 Lol yup
 hii
 Hey hunnies
 I'm still in meetings
 Yeah that's fine me too bruh
 Lolol
 I have had a queue of 2-3 people that I needed to meet with since I set foot in the office today
 Look at u mister important over dere
 What is going on with me bro
 Lol mister important
 Babers
 òò
 òòòòòòòò
 So i think I should still go to thanksgiving and meet my mom half way
 I don't think not showing up will help my case
 What do u think?
 yeah I think so
 Ok. So what about you.
 What do u think will make the best impression for u
 I can come too
 Dude idk. I think I should because we made such a big deal of it but at the same time I don't want to make Thanksgiving awkward or unpleasant for everyone involved
 If I do I can bring a bottle of whiskey and a flower arrangement as gifts
 I think that sounds good
 Let me see if I can speak to my mom on the phone and gauge her interest
 Idunno why is my family like this
 We need to figure our shit iut
 Like wtf
 Do u want me to come over for the weekend? Or u wanna come down here?
 Are u still in ur meeting? I can call u if u want
 I'm in between meetings now
 I ended one early
 I'm out but busy
 Lemme call u tonight?
 Okay sure
 We can do whatever
 I was thinking we could do my place at least for a bit
 Emily's thing is this weekend and we could go to that
 Ok
 Let's do that then
 
 I feel better
 
 Babers
 I think I found your Christmas present
 
 I think we're breaking up people
 Now*
 òê
 By the way why are u even dealing with all this stress?
 U can be like cya bye anytime
 Lool good thing u said no, apparently it's made by a designer and costs like 2 grand
 I just looked it up cos I secretly kinda want that
 Oh I found 400$ sneakers I want
 They actually look and sound super cool tho
 Yeezy?
 No Kanye is all bout trump now
 What.
 It's like he's been trying to make us hate him since 2008
 He had a mental breakdown and cancelled the rest of his tour
 I LOVE Kanye
 And that's too much for me
 Look up common projects
 Those dudes are cool
 I want them babers
 They look very crisp
 Dude arnt they pretty
 Ur amazing u know. I really love I
 U*
 And myself
 But the point of this was u
 it took me 2 hours to get to work
 Door to door?
 What happened
 walk to the L
 L is down
 so walk back home
 wait for vaidu bc she's leaving in 5 minutes
 via it over because with code LTRAIN16 i get 14$ off of my ride
 which costs 15$
 so i get to work late but for only a dolla
 Lol holla
 there was an incident in 14th street
 subway
 Oh
 so all incoming trains were delayed
 by a lot
 Yikes
 I just overslept
 Lol
 lmao
 baby
 hwy
 I fell asleep on the couch last night lol
 So I went into bed at like 5am
 Just one of those things
 omg
 didnt i say something
 to you
 :P
 Lolol but I closed the closet door babers
 you go tup
 to close the closet doors
 then decided your bed was too far?
 :|
 my face
 Hahahaha yuo
 Yup*
 :|
 The couch is comfy bro
 thats true and u dont like ur bed either
 so my meetings are cancelled
 i have a 1-2pm
 and a 330
 i  basically have all day free
 today
 Noice
 I logged out of Skype today
 I can't do Florida ppl asking for help today
 They are so helpless
 Like turtles on their backs
 i mean, they are from florida
 Lolol
 None of them are from Florida
 Ozge is from turkey
 Negaar is from iran
 Sakoat is from Bangladesh
 thats even worse
 they immigrated here
 Phani is from Texas, and before that india
 and chose florida
 And ed is from new haven
 Lolol
 maybe they wanted to go to the magical world of orlando
 are they mormon? was there a play written about them?
 Lmao baby
 wat
 Your reference game is on point
 so gary had me write stuff on a whiteboard
 for an hour
 as a mini project
 #startups
 What kinda stufd
 
 Project stuffs.
 Call me backs
 
 
 
 Booooper
 I try to call
 It doesn't work breh
 I just got my food babes
 I'm excited
 Guess wat I am doing now
 Happy thanksgiving baby
 Happy Thanksgiving Hunnies
 òò
 What plan did u go with today
 òòòò
 I'm gonna call my moms and see basically
 If it's at my one aunts house I'll go but if it's at my other aunts house I'm gonna pass
 My aunt is a great cook and is pretty cool
 My other aunt is married to a dude who only seems to enjoy pissing people off
 Oh no
 :(
 I wish u were here
 It would have been so fun
 I got the turkey all set wanna see?
 :/
 Aww
 Hello hunnies
 Send pics pl
 I've been on the phone since we last talked
 But I also got invited to georges family's Thanksgiving celebration
 
 I'm in jail
 Oh wow. You going? YOU SHOULD COME HERE FUCK EVERYTJING
 Whatd you do
 be gangsta
 So fly it's illegal
 Lmao
 Lolol I would like to spend the day with you but I knoes
 Basically
 It looks like I'm gonna go. I need to find a store thats open today, though, so I can find a gift for having them invite me
 Oh ok
 Booze store will be open
 Awe babers I wish u could come here
 But I see u tomorrow
 So is ok
 Yis
 Dude I'm prolly gonna have to work some tmmr
 I opened my email and I forgot about stuff I was gonna do
 I'll make a cool 300 buckaroos for a half day of work so I guess that's decent
 When do you think you're gonna be able to head over?
 I'll just make sure my stuff is done before then so we can have a good post turkey day weekend
 Apparently I have lunch with Juliana in Stamford
 So peons at night
 PEONS!
 That's cool, that's cool
 Let me know if u want me to come to lunch as well babers
 Ok if u wants
 Baby
 I have not pooped since Monday afternoon
 Oh
 Go fart at someone else's thanksgiving
 I'm trying to induce so I can have Thanksgiving foods
 òê
 Lmao
 I gotta deliver this food BABY
 Chug water
 Eat taro boba
 Lol
 I drank about a liter of water and I'm on my second cup of coffee
 I'll get the job done
 Lolol ok
 Yeah I'll see what the plans are for tomorrow but that would be good
 Did u find a present bro
 Slash did u poo
 
 Oh hey there beautiful
 Did I find a present?
 For George's family
 Oh lol yeah I'm omw to find one
 
 
 Daamn
 Looks really good
 
 
 I'm gonna bring a gallon of stuffing lol
 
 
 
 
 I had to feed her turkey to have her sit still
 Lol those eyes are the begging eyes
 How's the food
 Lmao it was
 The food is amazing
 But I mean I'm baised bc I cooked it
 It looked heavenly
 
 How's ur food
 O hey there
 I ended up going to George's
 They're still cooking the turkey
 How is it
 Oh
 Whoops
 Lol
 What did u bring them
 Nothing  nobody was open
 Oh
 Lol
 Ur present is your presence
 They didn't seem to mind
 I'm just watching football with some of the guys
 Oh
 George is in and out on phone calls
 Who's is winning
 Of course he is
 Cowboys
 Lol it's to be expected
 Damn
 That's so weird
 The cowboys usually suck bro
 I've had about 400 calories today and 2 beers
 I didn't eat until dinner
 I gotta be careful not to drink too fast
 Are u drunk I love drunk jim
 òèòè
 Lol no but I easily could be
 Yasss
 Oh stop it u
 I have had a total of maybe 1300 calories btw yesterday and todY
 I dunno why I'm not starving
 The Thanksgiving dinner is gonna be so good though
 Omg send me pics pls
 I'm getting sleepy already
 Also getting drunk slowly
 Lol it'll be tough to sneak a pic
 And nice 
 I love the pupper babe
 I love the pupper more than anything I've ever loved
 Loool
 Baby no what about Doug o
 Our hypothetical doggo
 It goes CHARLIE lady and then CHICO
 Then Doug
 Only bc he's not real
 Lolol
 Charlie
 I accept that
 No shame
 I've been drinking since like 4
 Lmao
 I mean there's no reason to hold back I suppose
 Ppl are playing a card game
 Idk what's going on
 Fun stuff bro
 No trains today?
 Trains? For wat
 The train game?
 Idk u said ppl were playing games so I figured you were gonna bring it to redding
 Oh
 Yeah I forgot that
 We're playing this weird ass card game
 Bummer
 What kinda game bri
 Bro
 It's a card game which is weird
 Ok
 Did u eat yet
 I think ur eating
 I hope u eat lots
 I'm tired already and have to poop really bad
 Lolol hi honeya
 I ate, it was good
 Surprisingly traditional Thanksgiving food, except for the tres leches cake
 We're playing pool now
 Ooh that sounds selfish
 Delish*
 It was good
 I yam food and wine coma-ing hard
 There was a pretty delicious coconut custard pie as well
 Oooh here too
 Noice
 
 I'm tired
 Instant nap lol
 Awww you look so good Hunnies
 I'm gonna go to bed lol
 Lol nice
 Those food comas are the best
 Hi
 Are u up?
 We're doing lunch at 12:30 with Juliana
 
 Hi
 Hello
 So we're headed to Stamford now
 Whatcha up to
 Oh cool
 I've been swapping between cleaning working and going on imgur today
 I ended up showering just now tho
 Okay
 How has post Thanksgiving Friday been treating you?
 Ok
 I have a headache now
 
 What bout u
 How much longer do u have to werk
 I think I'm done for the weekend
 Just gotta enter my timesheet
 Ok
 Do u wanna come pick me up or u want me to take de train?
 In Stamford?
 Yeah bro those are me choices
 Is there something you wanted to do in Stamford today?
 Otherwise just take the train bro
 I wanted to be lazy
 Lol
 What time do you think you're gonna be done with coffee
 Idunno
 Maybe a few hours
 I need to shop too lol I need stuffs bruh
 But dunno if I wanna do it in person or not TBD
 
 You sure you don't wanna come to the Stamford high reunion bro? We're talking about it now
 Lol do you wanna go?
 We should right? We can socialize!
 Like I just don't care enough
 Eh alright
 Lol
 It's at a bar
 Yeh
 It's just hangin out
 Isn't George gonna be there
 Idk
 Plus u can come pick me up
 Win win
 Eh eh eh
 Lol anything to get a ride
 òèòè
 Guess that means I need to find a button down or something
 Lol
 What time are u coming then? It starts at 9
 I wanna do some food shopping before I head down
 I'm actually there now
 So after that?
 Okay cool
 Baby no o don't wanna go anymore
 Just got a text from mikah
 Lololol
 Oh lord
 Mikah
 There's so many ppl there is ok
 
 That was an accident
 I accidentally ended up shopping
 Hwoops
 
 Text me when ur here babers
 So I can leave
 Hey hunns I'm parking now
 Hey! I'm eating a lil bit, it will be like 10 mins? I'll be out as soon as I cans
 What are you up to now
 Wandering around target, talking to George
 I'm coming
 OK I'm back at my car
 We're on the bottom floor
 I made it home hunnies
 I hope you have a good night
 Awe yay
 
 So I'm on my way back, took a wfh day today bc I'm exhausted
 Aw okie hunnies
 I wanna do the same myself, not sure if I can
 Do it!
 I'm waiting for the train now
 It's gonna be like 3 mins
 Will get in at 9:30 so I technically could go to work but meh
 Already called out
 Lol nice
 I couldn't sleep right away, I think the coffee and the drive kept me up a bit
 
 So wfh sounds nice
 When did u fall asleep? I slept at like 1:39
 1:30*
 Like 2 I think
 Maybe 230
 Yeah I feel u
 I have no meetings today either
 So I figured I'd be more productive at work
 Home*
 I have no interest in being productive today lol
 Lmao
 Stay home if u can even if just for the morning
 I want to play more gta babers
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6iN6VTL7v8
 I can't believe I actually watched that
 òê
 Heheheheh
 
 Lmao
 We're in a diggity bubble
 lol
 i like the way you work it
 afairamountofdiggity
 i gotta bag? bang? it up
 that sounds right
 Lolol
 I don't feel right today bro, I don't think I slept well
 Also I had such a weird trip to work this morning
 Driver ended up coming to my apt and just continually driving away from me
 Like she didn't notice me flagging her down
 lol
 that sounds odd
 bro
 Yeah that's new Haven youber I guess
 Decent car though
 what car
 youber lol
 Infinity suv
 i am so tired right now
 Same baber
 omg at first i thought this was vaidu
 and was confused
 why she was calling me baber
 Lolz
 so were gonna get family lounging PJs for december
 like matching ones
 guess who is also gonna be included
 hint: its you
 Lolol
 Sweet
 :)
 also i want to get califia farms almond milk eggnog
 and spike it
 to cuddle with. mmm.
 Oo
 and we should bake coooookies. mmmm cooooooookies
 cookies n eggnog
 oh and we should make a roast
 Never made one o those
 me neither
 http://i.imgur.com/Ij7nlWh.gifv
 Omg
 so we're going on a sister date
 getting ramen
 Aww
 Sounds nice
 we had a nice heart to heart on WhatsApp today lol
 That's really good
 I'm so tired I went to the gym and couldn't remember how long I was there for. I think it was 40 mins?
 Nice hunns
 That was this morning?
 Yes
 I have no clue I feel like I blacked out
 Or blocked it out
 You must've been tired
 I ended up taking nyquil and passing out
 I have that nyquil hangover still
 Ur sick?
 No I just didn't sleep the past two nights and needed to make sure I went to bed early
 baby no :(
 fyi
 brunch is here this weekend on sunday http://www.doscaminos.com/menus-and-food/
 around 12:30/1ish
 how u doing un
 hun*
 feeling better?
 Been feeling tired/out of it all day lol
 That nyquil is strong
 Awe boopers
 Go sleep without it tonight
 ò
 ñ
 That's ur sod emoji
 Sid*
 Lol
 Sid
 
 
 
 Lolol
 Hi babe
 I'll be free in a half hour ish
 Can I call you then
 Okie
 Still there
 ?
 
 ñ
 gammas on sale on gilt - in the 300$ range. idk if that was the range on bloomies that u saw
 What is a gamma
 Gammos*
 Ferragammo shoes
 Oh
 Dude I'm so miserable today
 
 òòò
 òíò
 I feel like puking
 So I'm heading out
 I have so many crap to do but I'll stay home tomorrow
 Blech I hope you feel better soon hun
 Get some rest plx
 Yeah I'm in Brooklyn now
 
 I took NyQuil
 Going to bed
 Call pls
 Nooooooo I missed u
 I'm right her
 E
 
 I got my period
 òêòêòêòêòê
 Hi
 U ok with pot roast tonight?
 Hey hunns
 Can I call you?
 Yes
 
 Hey booper just FYI I'm on the train to u now. I'll be there around 4
 Hope you're resting uo
 Up
 Yes I'm in bed
 Awesome
 I'm def getting sick btw. 3 times in 3 months seems a little excessive man
 It is
 Come cuddle
 Ur sick Im sick let's cuddle
 Lolol yes, let's
 Dude like 1/4 of my train car is sick
 I hear a symphony of coughs and sniffs
 So I didn't nap
 
 I ended up cleaning my room and my bathroom in stead
 and now I'm over heating lol
 I'm gonna shower and then try to nap it out a bit
 Ok I'm in bed finally
 I'm in bk nao
 Yay baby
 How cold is it out
 
 Goodnight Saturday boyfriend
 Shhhdont tell Sunday jim
 New phone who dis
 òò
 I'm damp from the water
 òò
 
 Were heading to u
 Second floor?
 I'm on 6th
 I can go down to u
 We're on 4
 Meet by the escalator
 Ah
 Ok
 I'm at the down escalator so I'll see u as u descend
 Oh
 I found my tods lol
 Lmao are u on 6?
 
 I got my mom one golden for Christmas 6 years ago...

 Miss you already hunnsò thanks for an awesome weekend
 Hope you feel better
 Awe babers I miss you too
 I love you
 Lots and lots
 I love you too hunnies
 You're my favorite
 I found ur lone sock under the covers
 Oh. I thought it was Melissa > Stuart > me
 Yay
 Lol baby no I love you even more than Melissa and frank
 And Stuart too
 Awe
 òò
 òòòòòò
 So I have to wait
 30 mins
 Boo
 :(
 But you'll get a good seat on the train í∫ Ç
 U wanna talk?
 Lol you don't have to hunns
 I did just see u 20 mins ago
 Ok. It might be fun for u lol I'm waiting for the NyQuil to kick in
 Lol sure
 I'm game
 Holy crap this train is crowded
 Woaj that's weird
 It's so late
 Apparently there was a game? A UConn game maybe?
 Idunno
 Weeeeird
 Did u get a seat
 Or foods
 Yeah but there's a ton of ppl standing
 And most of them don't look sober
 Lolol whoop a
 I was gonna work or sleep
 Looks like I get to do neither
 Huh
 It's the UConn Syracuse game
 Something just sparked right by my window. I think we scraped a wall or something
 Uh oh
 Ugh this is not fun
 What's wrong Huns
 A lot of ppl on the train, probably 40% of them drunk, and the train is making weird ass noises
 Pray for me baby lol
 Awe
 I have faith ull be fine bro
 Aww sank ewe
 Hope you get to sleep soon Hunnies
 You could use the rest
 Hi Huns good morning
 Good morning babers
 How are you feeling?
 The insides of my face are all snot
 Aww poor booper
 I Neti potted and mucinexed
 And it's pouring out of me now
 Lol gross
 Working from home today?
 No
 :( almost at work now
 Oh dude. So I went to book a car for the Richmond trip
 So I got in a bit late
 There are no cars
 No one has cars
 Whatcha gonna do
 Probably uber
 Youber
 But it's just like what. How does an airport have zero csrs
 Lmao
 Richmond is such a shitty place babers. Can't fly there, can't drive there
 Go in person and check
 No transit
 Lol we are, hopefully we get something
 We walked to the client office last time from our hotel, but it was early summer then
 o h.
 we had bfast tacos at work today
 also i wish i stayed home. im not feeling well lol
 Lol yeah I bet
 you ready to head out?
 Lol not yet but almost
 I'm like 90% packed but I still need to shower
 lol
 showerrrr
 I'm gonna
 I was half hoping my card would be here by now
 It's supposed to be delivered this morning
 ooh
 it will dont u woooorry
 did u call
 u should have called bro
 No I think I still need to
 If it requires a signature I will need to be here
 are u driving alone
 ?
 if so, call on ur drive up
 Yeah I can do that
 they should be able to overnight it to you
 oh
 so bloomies has an offer to give you 25$ back in coupon form for every 100$ u spend
 so im going to size down in that burberry coat
 that gives me another 200$ back
 meaning that i get the coat for 600$ (if i use that 200$ back discount)
 O shit that would be nice
 im going tonight lol
 i have everything to return my coat now
 That's a really good deal
 Good luck Hunnies
 lmao ty
 are you in boston now
 Yeah
 I made really good time
 I'm on the shuttle to my terminal now
 yay!
 im so proud of you
 have a good flight hunts
 did you end up getting shake shack
 Thanks baber
 Lol I did
 The line moved after we hung up
 yay
 did u get fries
 lol
 im asking the right questions
 i want to live vicariously through you
 i didnt eat dinner and have just had breakfast today.
 Lol I didn't get fries
 Instead I got a chicken sandwich
 wait u got 2 sammiches
 Lol yeah
 Chicken w side of chicken
 omg
 i love you.
 how was it
 im jelly
 slightly jelly
 Lol a lil bit
 a lil bit of what? :P
 It was good but kinda unsatisfying because I had to run to the train and eat them in front of a bunch of people
 lmao
 better than being starving on your way home tho.
 gary is going over my work right now
 Oh cool
 He was able to get to it
 yeah were going through it now
 i told him im still sick so were doing it at  our own comps
 just talking over our comps lol
 Lol nice
 i got so much done today
 my doc looks super impressive
 im so excited
 Awesome hunnies
 I got some stuff done but not as much as I was hoping
 i'm so proud of it. its gonna look kickass for Friday when we get to tell everyone that i did a thing!
 Lmao
 Sounds like you're crushing it
 I'm on the plane now
 Look what I bought
 
 
 Black shoes DONE
 The top one was Vince, so it was like a bajillion dollars discounted to 100
 The other one is weatherproof and cole haan
 Ooh I like
 
 All my pretty shoooos
 So nice and orderly, in a little line
 Lol yes
 hi bro
 hows ur day
 i miss you
 Meeting is going well
 We're eating lunch in a bit
 We got done with our meeting soo early
 We got to the airport at 145, my flight leaves at 5
 lol
 can you transfer to an earlier flight?
 I have at least 2 hours to kill
 im in a compliance training *groan*
 Nah, I looked into it. There was one earlier flight but it was with a different airline and I couldn't transfer
 Other than that, I'm just hanging out here
 lol aww
 im freaking out
 about lack of clothes for india again
 i need maxi dresses
 but have no clue where to buy them now bc were in the middle of winter
 I wonder if there's any places taking the unused stock
 Also I think I have one of your dresses at my apt
 yeah
 Can't remember if you wore it home at any point
 ill need that + the leggings i have left up there
 hows the airport
 did u look at the group chat?
 u should
 Lol
 I'll take a look
 The airport is boring but at least I have wifi
 lololol
 Lol I see trump stuff and foodcation
 do u like my hint
 hint hint
 Hmm I don't know what you're hinting at
 Ç
 lmao
 i have clemintimes
 Yum
 I want some snackums
 ooh
 I got more sahale snacks
 I only ever really get those when I travel on business
 Ooh which ones bro? Are are u back now?
 I did me nails finally. Feels good
 I'm gonna try to not sleep so much tonight. I feel lame
 Give me a Few minutes babers
 Some parents have more patience with their children than others - gifs

 hiii how are you
 Hey Hunnies
 I'm okay. I ended up working from home today because my throat was feeling shitty this morning
 I'm mostly just hungry now
 :(
 im finally feeling slightly better
 but i have a horrible headache
 Thats good
 ish
 im waiting for meds to kick in right about now
 lmao.
 "i have a horrible headache" "thats good"
 òê
 I said ish
 Lol
 loool
 Better but worse
 u did u did
 i also feel like puking.
 idk whats going on
 Ugh I kinda wanted to grab beers with coworkers but I had to meet vaidu bc she was downstairs :(
 I'm so anti social here bc of her man
 Goals
 
 
 
 
 
 òò
 
 I WANT
 CAN I HAS
 I said a òêòò
 òòòòòò
 Haha wpw
 I am impressed
 And yes
 Yeah that's u should probs check this more often
 I can get you a couple thousand iciclelights if you wanna replicate this at home
 Yes pls
 Can u set ur what's app alerts to actually alert u
 When I text you
 It's kinda annoying that I have to call
 ...?
 I have them on, my phone was just on vibrate
 Sure but u never respond
 Ive been going back and forth between other stuff, not been checking my phone
 I don't constantly check on it bro
 I respond as often as I can but I'm not gonna glue myself to it 24/7
 We're long distance don't u understand how important it is for u to constantly check this?
 It's not gluing urself to it. It just comes U on my phone as a normal message
 Is that not how it works on android?
 That's exactly how it works
 So I don't understand
 I'm just not looking at my phone constantly
 Idk bro. I don't accept this. anyways I'm on 1%  so I'll continue this when my phone isn't dead
 Proof
 
 Bye
 
 You should have these pictures
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Thanks hun
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Wow we look young in those last few
 I have more pics on my older phone
 I'll boot it up and send you the rest tomorrow
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I had just ordered part one of my your Christmas present
 Today
 I didn't know there were multiple parts
 There were. They were great
 Oh
 
 
 
 Hi boopers I hope you're okay this morning
 Have a good day
 I love you
 I love you too hun
 I hope you were able to get some slee
 I was, a lil bit
 That's good
 What about you did you manage to sleep a little bit?
 Yeah, I fell asleep around 3 I think
 I ended up waking up at like 9 tho so I'm still getting ready for work
 I ended up just laying there in bed for 40 minutes groaning softly
 Finally got out of the bed like 25 mins ago
 Like Tina
 ?
 I watched three episodes of the west wing
 And then got up and got to work early
 Lol yes like tina
 I don't know how you do it
 I feel worn out
 lol im right there with u
 I had to sprint to the dunkin donuts to make my bus
 My head hurts
 is it balls cold outside there too?
 i had a headache coming in
 bc of the cold
 i just had toast and bc im sleep deprived my body just wants me to shove food down my mouth
 Thats the way of the body
 I have no idea if its cold out lol
 I'm sweating from my bus run
 i just had chunky almond butter
 and i could get on board with it.
 Lolol
 you'd prob like it. its so good. w/ pieces of chopped almonds
 Chunky is the way to go bro
 PB should be CREAMY
 but almond butter mmmmm chunk it up
 It sounds delicious
 I just like a little variation in texture sometimes
 As long as it's expected
 There's nothing worse than a crunch when it's only supposed to be chewu
 lol
 like if u think its sugar but its really salt
 blech
 Oh god yeah
 i want to watch the west wing while i work
 is that bad
 thats bad
 BUT I WANTS
 Lol
 If you wfh you can have both
 Speaking of
 I would like to go back home
 lol
 id like to nap
 Tru
 *snuggles*
 so remember how ive been craving hot cocoa?
 guess who found hot cocoa at work
 Ooooh
 I would like some snuggles and cocoa plz
 With some foam on the top, no need for marsh mallows
 marsh mallows lol
 
 omg u and vaidu
 both message me
 a pic of a dog
 at the same time
 Hahaha
 Whose is better?
 loool
 Slash what was hers
 
 dog in a dress
 Fuzzy buttd
 lolo yup
 
 
 Lolol
 Hey huns, what was the site you said delivered costco without needing a membership?
 instacart
 whatcha buying
 toilet paper?
 Thanks
 Lmao
 I've been wanting to do freezer meals for a while
 Think I'm gonna try it finally this weekend
 id recommend buying these too to store them in
 I won't have to spend $30+ a day on food
 https://www.amazon.com/ChefLand-3-Compartment-Microwave-Container-Divided/dp/B00PY032QK/ref=pd_sim_79_2?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=H325CM509NMFHNM493FN
 u spend 30$ a day on food?
 Usually between 20 and 30, yeah
 thats a lot lol but i guess if u get delivery it makes sense
 oof. yeah
 Even if I make food it tends to get close to that
 Mostly because I buy fresh from the co op and end up not eating all the food I make
 oh yeh
 does instacart deliver to u?
 I'll find out I guess
 lol do it
 Looks like no
 Dang
 I wonder if there's any other way to get stuff from Costco
 hit up dave
 if u get a gift card
 u dont have to pay the monthly fee i believe
 That's what I've heard
 https://20somethingfinance.com/shop-costco-without-membership/
 http://www.costco.com/costco-memberships.html
 you can get the cash card
 which is the gift card.
 the yearly fee is only 55$ for the most basic membership.
 That's not terrible
 the pricier one is a hundo
 I'm not sure it would save me money in the long run though. I kinda want to see if it works out for me first
 yeah, which is why the idea of the gift card is good.
 with two ppl we def save money using it
 and u eat twice as much as i do
 so maybe u will too.
 but them meatballs bro
 and chicken nuggs
 Lmaoo
 and their food court omg. that pizza. ù
 and i think u can buy from costco.com
 too
 I've never had costco pizza
 but they add a small surcharge
 Oh interesting
 so just for basics it might make sense to do that too. but i'd def chat dave first
 and he can help you out
 Yeah he might be able to
 He's usually in Somerville on the weekends nowadays but maybe he is here
 ooh
 so im assuming since ur making grand costco plans that you're gonna stay up there this weekend?
 I think so
 okey
 I still need to work on a whole bunch of stuff but I could potentially switch weekends
 nah
 stay up there
 and get ur stuff done
 Okay
 https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5havd7/helpful_corgi/?ref=share&ref_source=link
 me today
 Heheheh
 Cute
 Do you know when you leave work?
 Jerry wants to grab a drink but I wanna talk to you
 i want to leave work now lol
 My entire office is gone except for Jerry and like one other guy
 ok
 lemme get my phone and i can call u
 Does that work
 Ok I'm home è°
 So Jerry might actually be my bff
 We have a lot in common
 Never knew
 I'm heading home nao
 
 I passed out and missed all this
 Sounds like last night it went well
 Loool
 Yeah I had a good time
 Me and Jerry have a lot in common
 Also I got drunk apparently
 Lmao
 I only had one cocktail and 2 beers the whole night so I have no idea how
 And we were out from like 6-10
 What cocktail? And you might have not had enough to eat
 Lol also true
 I didn't have dinner
 Jerry bought a board but I just had like a piece of cheese
 I had an old fashioned
 They're really good at the bar we went to
 Ah that explains it
 I'm hung over now too
 D'aww
 I have a cheese hangover
 Lool
 My stomach ò£
 Aww
 I just had a slice of pizza. ONE. And it was a medium too.
 I need to eat something ASAP
 go eat
 I'm weirdly in the mood for subway
 Like I know their meat is like 80% fake but idk
 Lol
 CHUNA
 Yup
 Oo I got my chase freedom today
 Yay
 How are U feeling
 Better, I think
 I'm mostly tired now lol
 Sounds about right, glad ur feeling a bit better
 What's the password to ur comp and to gta?
 Oo
 Lol
 1022 is the pin
 The password for gta is 742TyDZdt
 Ty
 I just cooked dinner
 Meat n veggies
 Yum
 
 With cauliflower fired rice
 
 
 With that stuff (it's just cauliflower cut up)
 The chicken is legit omg
 I tried to throw the boxes out but she keeps making this face. So I guess we are keeping the boxes.

 Dog not giving a fuck.

 Loool
 
 Hello?
 Sorry I called you seemed like you were in the middle of something
 Nah I'm just in bed struggling to go and start my day lol
 Ok. It seems like you don't want to talk to me.
 Nah I do
 I just saw how tired and disheveled I looked
 Ok. I'm tired too but I don't make you feel bad bc of it. I don't want to make this a thing so I'll talk to you later I guess
 ? Ok
 
 Lolol
 Is it snowing near u?
 Nah
 You?
 Nah. Thought it was gonna snow this weekend but I guess not
 It's cold af tho
 Oh actually I just checked the weather and we're supposed to get some flurries in like an hour
 ò≤
 I haven't left my couch all weekend
 I'm kinda hungry but it's fun to see vaidu keep complaining that we have no food lol
 Snow starts in an hour
 Lolol
 How was gta
 Never ended up playing
 Aw bummer
 I want pizza but I should not have it
 Dude I love pizza but pizza no longer loves me
 Just thinking about those last few times we ate pizza is enough to turn me off of it for a good while
 I was gonna try a goat cheese one maybes. Lol.
 lol
 Oh damn with arugula?
 But it was so good
 Goat cheese with arugula and pears
 Weird but really good
 Thats what my mom likes to get nos
 
 That doesn't sound weird it sounds amazing
 She also gets caramelized onions on it but I can no do that
 Throw some prosciutto on there
 
 BRI
 THE FLESH IS WEAK
 Lolol
 You make me smile
 Woah they have vegan ones too
 
 Although I gotta say I'm not sure how I feel about a chicken wrap as a pizza
 Tom hanks has his own pizza
 Weird
 I hope if you get it, the sauce is in the shape of Wilson's face
 Lmao
 WILSOOOOON
 
 Is that from castaway?
 Yeah lol
 U know u can send gifs via WhatsApp now
 Click the +
 Then on the bottom corner u should see GIF
 But u gotta access ur photo library first
 Yeah I saw
 Oh I don't have a plus tho
 Weird
 
 How do u add pics
 
 
 
 
 
 Pretty
 It's snowing
 Err flurries right now
 But yeah
 Lol I can't tell from the pic, but I bet it looks beautiful out that window
 That's how it looks
 Lol so not really
 U gotta press ur face against the window and stare
 Haha
 To see the random snowflake
 Well you've got a few months to enjoy the snowfall, I'm sure
 Yeah
 *Groan*
 Do you think my chili is still good to eat? I froze it last Thurs and then brought it to defrost this wed
 I'm kinda hungry and not sure if I should chance it
 Uhhhh
 Has it been in the fridge the entire time?
 Total fridge time at this point is probably 7-8 days
 With 5 days of freezer time in the middle of that
 It might be fine as long as it wasn't left out
 I'm between freeezer and fridge or reheated
 Otherwise u have some of that soup u can what up and throw the quinoa stuff in there
 Hmm yeah
 It might be okay
 I never left it out in between all that
 Smell it if it's fine it's good
 Idk what bad chili smells like
 Of it smells like rotten food
 Then it's a no go
 Press boop button to activate paws

 Daww
 òí
 Boop*
 Boop
 *
 Lol
 
 I forgot about that one
 That guy is my spirit animal
 I found my coat another 100$ cheaper at Burberry
 
 Loool
 The hunt begins anew
 Lol not really
 It's the same coat for 765
 Ah okay
 yep. :) i still cant figure out ur second part of ur xmas present
 Daww
 I need ur present man I can't find something worthy
 lmao worthy
 apparently i am hard to shop for
 I did order a present for u already
 But its not big by any means
 We didn't go to the trevi fountain when we went to Rome right
 Its possible we drove by it to/from dinner but no we didn't stop at that one directly
 I yam in the middle of dinner bro
 i
 ugh
 :\
 i know she's blaming me. she's out of insurance
 i might have to claim her on my taxes next year
 She is your deoendant
 She depends on you now
 ok wise one
 so....i can get her on my insurance?
 Looks like probably not
 yeah
 the free market is cheaper than cobra tho for her
 so i guess thats fine then
 #stressss
 òò
 Aww huns
 òòòòòò
 Im sorry dude
 You're saying private insurance is cheaper than Obamacare?
 It's ok. She's calmed down now so that's good
 For vaidu yes
 For families no
 Ah okay
 That helps then
 Seems like she might as well do that
 It's also cheaper for her to not have insurance and pay the penalty
 Vs getting it
 If it saves her money that's a plus
 Well yeah that's true too
 But then she doesn't have Insurance
 Up to her if she wants to not get insurance
 I mean I'm a cesspool of germs
 I would say she's probably fine but why chance it
 It behooves her to get it
 What are u doing now
 Getting ready for bed bro
 I'm tired enough for my eyes to hurt
 Awe
 Go to sleep ò
 I'm excited to see u this week
 I'm still feeling a bit weird from our fight last week so it will be nice
 Aww I am looking forward to it
 Bro let's go on a date this weekend
 Yes let's òò
 Set it up
 Okie
 so we have happy hr with rob n anita
 if you could make it it would be awesome, i pushed it to today in hope that you can
 tbd where but somewhere near/around GC
 That works for me. I can be in gc around 730
 cool. i just checked my phone tho and rob pulled out of drinks tonight bc he got pulled in to a last minute client meeting
 Aw
 Well I can still be in gc around 730
 I'll just go to your house instead
 ok.
 Somehow it's my fault I'm working late
 Oh yeah 
 Vaidu seems particularly I n edge this week
 On edge*
 She's stressed
 But not cool to take it out on me
 Agreed
 I just made it to 125th street so I still have another 5-10 mins
 Do you want me to meet you at work?
 Sure
 I'm still here but u might as well bc it's closer
 Sure huns
 Text vaidu and see what her plans are?
 I can hang out while you finish your work if you want, no pressure
 Ok è
 We have wine and beer here
 do u remember when i had my period last?
 it was two weeks ago right
 Yeah
 i wore the wrong bra
 you need to grab the grey/purple bra on the dresser in the hallway
 and bring it to me lol
 Lol sure
 I'll have to sneak it in
 wear them as headmuffs
 I haven't heard from Vaidu today but I'm guessing she is going straight to u from her class?
 she's going to study in the starbucks up the street fro me
 and then head over when she ants to
 she said around 7ish?
 Okay
 
 The sunset is bright af so it's kinda hard to judge colors on the dresser
 yes
 those are a lovely pair of headmuffs
 Lol
 So stylish and comfortable
 lmao
 such lace
 much wow
 Hey huns, I'm finishing up my work now. I can probably leave in another 20-25 mins. Is that okay?
 Or should I wait a bit longer
 You'd be one of the first people here I feels like
 So up to you
 Lols
 Well I might have to poop in between then and now
 But otherwise I can prob just head over anyways
 Lmao
 Sounds good
 Grab my rollerball deodorant pls
 Hey huns, I took some extra time but I'm leaving the apt now
 I have ur deodorant and ur bra
 Let me know if you need anything else
 Nope
 I'm heeere
 Come to 

 Hey are you coming or no?
 Hunns is it a peppermint mocha latte or is it a coffee
 I do not know
 It's a latte
 Well u can get it both ways but idk what vaidu would want
 Give her a call?
 Soy if u so tho
 I ended up getting Coco nut milk
 Nice 
 That works too.
 I only ate half of the bfast tacos
 Apparently it's supposed to snow all day
 Tomorrow
 Word
 These peppermint mochas are really good man
 With Coco milk they're pretty great
 Lol
 Nice
 so i was talking to chris
 he has ur pineapple shirt
 how funny is that? its the best thing everrr
 Lol that's pretty great
 what u doing now
 
 Mostly working and attempting to call pdt
 Their line has been busy for a half hour straight
 pizza again
 and beer
 lol
 Lol nopizzaplz
 lolol
 Made it in to work  how'd the call go?
 òò daww I miss you already hunnies
 My calls are going okay
 I'm still at ur place lol
 lol it's ok
 I checked jcrew those shoos are sold out online
 Grab them on ur way in pls
 Lol I'll go and get them in that case
 Lolol I checked for u
 Is it still 40% off?
 Go tell him that the car store never called u back
 Cali*
 Yes
 Yes it is
 Okay
 so i got in kinda late, but ive gotten a TON of stuff done. now i have a meeting that will last an hour (ugh) and im starving but its too late to grab food.
 Meetings suck
 lol they do they do
 Well I'm back in the store. They're calling the Cali store again to see if I can get the shoes, if not I'll see if I can just get the 11.5s
 ok
 let me know how it goes huns
 i just had lunch - avocado toast
 something simple to fill me up i figured was the best
 ima do a smoothie tonight after my run
 They had the 11s OMG
 I just got them shipped from cali
 oh wow
 congrats on your new boots babe
 im supposed to buy it for you
 I confirmed with a receipt this time lol
 sooooo lemme know how much to venmo you or lemme know if you want something else
 YAY THATS AWESOME.
 Lolol
 We can trade shoos
 Although I'll have worn these for a week or two by the time you see me lol
 lmaooo
 just keep it
 ill get u something else :)
 LOOK AT ALL THE COLORS
 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/b8/fc/70/b8fc70e240e89a32079ed5369486b69a.jpg
 Ahhhh
 IM SO EXCITED
 but look at the grey ones
 i love
 Tbh tho I only really like the captoe and plaintoe styles
 The grey one is plaintoe
 I actually really like that grey one
 they are all over ebay
 maybe they'll be back in stock int he spring
 but YAY BABY IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU
 òòò
 I'm getting a celebratory bagel
 lol
 how much was it?
 150?
3.8
 Lol
 I got it from bagel smith
 no
 i mean the shoes
 Oh loool
 i dont care how much your bagel costs
 158 with tax
 im sorry but i dont lol
 oh wow thats a great price for them.
 I might call to see if I can do faster shipping but it's supposed to be 6-8 days
 So hopefully before new yrs
 ooh
 https://dappered.com/2015/01/in-review-the-j-crew-kenton-plain-toe-leather-boot/
 are you back?
 Yep, just got back
 That review was interesting btw
 I think his concerns were more personal preference
 Yeah
 Everything about quality was good tho
 Yeah, which is great
 I was actually impressed that they were welted instead of glued
 idk what that is
 but im happy you're happy
 Lol yeah I yam
 It's how the leather is attached to the sole
 i still cant believe they were sold out offing everywhere
 Cheaper shoes are usually glued
 Srsly
 i guess it was the sale + price point
 Vaidus test ends at 330 I believe
 I'm so nervous for her
 She didn't get the score she wants
 She got a 640 again
 :\
 
 I'm sorry hun
 I was supposed to grab coffee with her but I have a meeting
 Wish I was still down. We could have gone to get drinks or something to ease her nerves
 :/
 My ho ho Hodor shirt still isn't here 
 I cannot spread Christmas joy
 Lol
 Baby
 Wear ur ho ho hodor to New Years
 Lol I prob will
 You make the best fashion choices
 
 Hwoops
 Hey booper I hope you're having a good day
 I missed my flight ò
 But is okay, I got rebooked
 till the 3pm now?
 one*
 did you oversleep?
 Lol actually no
 I got there exactly when I planned
 What I did not count on was an hour wait at security
 you didnt ask to cut the line?!
 Probably the longest security line I've ever been in
 Dude EVERYONE was on a 6am flight
 oh.
 :(
 About 10% of every single flight from 6-8 was missing
 Probably why the guys at the gate rebooked me for free
 jesus
 well thats a waste but that sucks you're just sitting there
 Yeah Bradley was not prepared for the holiday season
 I shoulda gone out of JFK lol
 Silver lining, I was able to do like 3 and a half hours of work
 So I use less PTO
 I had to do employee reviews, damn things took up about 2 and a half hours
 you count pto by the hour?
 Yup
 That's how my company works
 I currently have 115 hours
 I have such a weird connection to raleigg
 I'm boarding now on a flight to Detroit
 And from there I go to Raleigh
 I'll get to see the urban blight from above
 Lolol urban blight
 It's a real thing bro
 are we there yet
 I just touched down
 are we there yet
 are we there yet
 No
 are we there yet
 Yes
 what about now
 Are you the baby that is currently wailing behind me
 *kicks your seat*
 are we there yet
 Lol u weirdo
 speaking of weirdo
 my fitbit didnt count any steps yesterday
 but i have them counted today
 Strange
 I LOST A DAY DAMNIT.
 i also had a levain cookie
 prob not good for my "my stomach feels like crap" operation get it better
 BUT IT WAS GOOEY AND RAW
 UNF
 Ooh goddamn I'm jealous
 I know this sounds weird but the Detroit airport is legitimately impressive
 It has a train inside of the terminal
 And the tunnel to the other terminals is a light show synchronized to music
 Baby
 My seat mate has a tiny pupper
 WITH A TINY PUPPER CHRISTMAS OUTFIT
 jesus they invented phones for a reason
 I can't take a pic without looking like a creep lol
 talk to this person
 dont be a weeeirdo
 She's below the seat
 awe
 :(
 i love that
 I feel a little cheated tho
 The lady directly behind me has a crazy bad phobia of dogs
 She freaked out earlier and switched her seat when another tiny dog was seated next to her
 oh. no.
 :(
 you should haev volunteered
 you're so selfless
 They moved the pupper :(:(
 :((((((((((
 Is it sad that I do not remember the lady's name but I know that the dog's name is Sophie
 lol
 remembering the important details
 i see
 Yep
 I'm horrible with names but apparently I'm great with dog names
 Hi are u up
 
 I just got home
 From week
 Werk*
 Hey hunnies
 Lol I slept for abt 12 hours
 Guess I had to make up for those 3 yesterday
 I'm on my way to work now
 I have so much stuff to do today
 Aww
 I hope you have a good day doe
 thank you. im exhausted right now
 this is what i have to do
 i have a full work day ahead of me
 then i have to go shopping for the final stuff i need for india
 then i have to go home, do laundry, clean my room, clean my bathroom, start packing
 im going to see if i can do half laundry/cleaning tonight and the other half tomorrow night
 and split that up, do all the shopping today and then do returns tomorrow
 Aww
 Well let me know if there's anything I can do to help
 lol nope
 Okey
 Well, I will definitely be awake till at least 11pm tonight if you have time between stuffs and wanna call ò
 maybe u can watch me clean my bathroom
 Haha I would not mind
 I'll put Dixie and Sandy on the phone so u can say hi
 ooooh
 :)
 so i checked my fantasy team this am on my way in
 im ahead by 7 points so far
 idk if ill even change my line up
 maybe just make it a really funny joke of a win
 XD
 Looool
 Dat taco win
 i just skipped out on a team lunch b/c i had too much work. D:
 D:
 dude
 ?
 two ppl are ooo on a project i got pulled into at they are both ooo so im trying to coordinate on something through chat and its just ugh.
 They're both ooo?
 yes
 one has a sick toddler
 the other is sick
 Oh out
 That sounds frustrating
 oh u have no idea
 also i accidentally offended saskia
 
 oops
 thats her new years eve dress
 It's a nice dress but òhwoops
 Got those three wanted stars bro
 lololol
 three wanted stars?
 im so stressed
 i hate my life.
 i want to cancel my vacation
 What's going on Hunnies?
 I have to redo a 10 page release note bc Gary changed his mind
 I have so much other crap to do at work
 I need to leave at 5 to go shopping
 I don't have the itinerary for the India trip and my moms being a c---- about it
 I'm so stressed I can cry
 It's gonna be okay babe
 I'm so. So. So. Stressed.
 One thing at a time, right?
 I wish I could give you a big hug now
 òò
 
 awe
 hiiiii
 i just stress ate a white person taco
 ground beef, rice, flour tortilla with mayo and bbq sauce
 
 Lmao baby that is somehow whiter than a regular white person taco
 looool
 it was good
 in a gross disgusting way
 They always are
 
 *Chugs*
 
 Looool
 
 
 Oh wow there's a premade version of brads sweater
 That's a men's t shirt
 If I were gonna see u again
 Id totes get it
 Bahaha
 I still don't have hohohodor
 The elf phone is great tho
 Ho ho how sad
 Lolz
 U find them dresses you're looking for?
 Nope
 
 Hey booper
 What up
 Just playing some rummy 500 with my mom and stepdad
 Oh
 I'm losing pretty badly
 Lol
 I'm going to bed. Worked till about 9:45 tonight
 Nice
 I hope you have a better day tomorrow booper
 Hope you were able to get a lot done
 I won't we ended up pushing the release to tomorrow
 But thank you anyways
 Aw
 Sorry hunno
 You going to bed?
 Can I call or are you asleeps
 omg
 i cant
 
 Vaidus stressed and taking it out on everyone. I'm just leaving
 Can I call you
 Sure call
 hey
 sorry
 i cant talk right now
 It's okay
 I went on a walk with my mom
 Just gonna out my phone to charge
 ok
 sorry family shit
 I get it, it's okay
 I got a last minute invite to a client meeting
 The one day I do t wear a blazer
 And have explosive diarrhea
 ò
 Tell me about it
 I'm literally doing the admin side of the demo
 Bc we're doing a live demo in December
 Dev*
 Yes it's as risky as it sounds
 Hey booper I hope you had a good day
 I have a pretty bad headache so I think I'm gonna go to sleep
 We saw this super Christmas y place that was pretty cool though, I think you'd enjoy it
 
 
 Let me hug u, bro

 Who's that hiding under the sheets?

 Omg
 yes?
 Dem gifs
 Damn giffany
 Lolol
 My parents are napping
 We're hanging out on the couch
 I'm hungry again and a bit tired
 Cool, cool
 We're going to see the orchestra tonight
 Damn hunns
 
 
 U look good baber
 What's ur united mileage plus account number
 
 Is this when I bought u that plane ticket bruh
 Oh hey
 I think that would be the one
 I honestly haven't used united since then
 Ok
 Can u check if that's ur account
 Search ur email idk which one u use
 Okay I'll take a look
 It's important or else I wouldn't be asking
 Yeah that's my number
 Ok cool thank you
 Are u home now
 No, I'm still out
 Should be home in a half hour or so
 What's going on?
 I'm in a mood
 This is the longest day ever
 
 I can call u when I get home
 No it's ok
 Booper I miss u
 I wouldn't mind talking just to talk
 I'm with vaidu bc parents are in her room
 I'm home now
 Can I call?
 Sure
 WAKE UP
 SUNSHINE
 Lol how can I sleep when I have 200 unread messages on whatsapp
 Lmao ur hilarious
 Put ur phone on mute
 It is
 I just happened to open the phone and on WhatsApp you can hear the little blip
 Also I've been working since 8
 Then it's not really on mute is it
 Oh why?
 Becos deadlines n shit
 I read that as bacons deadline
 I have a bacons deadline myself
 My coworker had to leave on an emergency again becos of his mother in law
 Incidentally my bacon deadline is coming up in less than an hour
 Oh no :/
 Did u read about wearing Dixie in a baby harnass to a bar?
 How far down is that one
 Because we're wondering what happens a when u show up in a bar with a dog in the baby harness
 We're TLDRing it for u
 I scrolled past a picture of a guy in a baby carrier with a pip
 So the last 3 messages
 Yeah it was around there
 Ur the closest to making this thing happen
 We were talking about children and havin babies
 
 Sorry
 Oh hello there
 Bc there was a reddit post
 That the dad to be was flipping out and being suuuuuper melodramatic
 Oh
 Yeah I clicked on that one but I didn't get to read much of it
 We went thru raising babies, nature vs nurture, ugly babies, babies in bars, puppy's in bars, ugly kids, that plastic surgery tv show the ugly duckling
 Vaidu seems a bit confrontational this morning
 Lol
 Welcome to my life
 Are babies a sensitive subject for her?
 Lol
 Sorry baber
 No I think she's trying to not make a generalization bc she knows ur in the chat and it's the one thing we disagree in
 On*
 Makes sense
 Omg this creamer in my coffee
 òçòçòçòç
 The peppermont mocha?
 I haven't had any coffee today
 I brewed tea but I left the house before it could steep long enough
 I found some friends for your lamp
 
 Awe
 
 I got caught in se rain
 Awww nooo
 That Jane from Tarzan face
 When she gets caught in the rain
 So my stepdad is adamant about the fact that "Bill Nye is not a science Guy"
 Sometimes I forget how much Fox news he watches
 Lolol
 Whisper bill billl billl billl
 Loool
 I'll find a pamphlet about climate change and sneak it under his pillow while he is aslee
 Loool
 Does he not believe in climate change too?
 Based on my conversation with him it seems evident that's the case
 The most public interaction Bill Nye has had with the Fox news spectrum was that huge publicized climate change debate he had against that crazy guy
 Hey boopers merry christmas
 Have a safe flight out and have a wonderful time with your family
 I love you so much
 Awe òò
 Merry Christmas baby
 We fly out tonight at midnight
 I'll send u our travel plans today
 òòòòòò
 Sanks baber
 Vaidus being moody today
 She's visibly upset bc my mom was asking her about her Harvard application
 And she just lost it
 So now she's just moping around not doing anything
 And she's just on her phone
 She's gonna just complain about this entire trip
 And be sure mopey
 And I'm not enjoying it either but damn way to bring everyone down with you
 She hasn't said one positive thing today
 And keeps sniffling and looking like she's on the edge of

 It's so frustrating omg
  yeah jeez
 Maybe if you can get her to open up and acknowledge things she'll be less mopey?
 It must be really frustrating because it's a big part of her life plan and it could be her acknowledging her shortcomings in a way
 Still though, if she's taking it out on everyone around her it isn't fair
 Like I'm 600 miles away from her and I feel like she's been combative towards me with what little interaction we've had
 I do not envy your position
 I do remember how frustrating it was when I thought I had failed my stats exit exam the second time. I just remember you were really supportive and helped me keep a positive outlook on things. I think it could help her if you say to her what you said to me
 You could also maybe cheer her up if you definitely are going to try for the GMAT and commit to being her study partner
 Sigh
 I can't wait for her to get in somewheee
 Or get a job
 I hear you
 I'm sure she's just as anxious
 Yep
 She's in an incredibly bad mood
 It's just frustrating is all I can say
 Frustrating and tense
 I'm def studying for the gmat tho
 òê stay strong hunnigans
 Tbh I'm just about of energy for spending time with the relatives
 The thought of spending 3 weeks with my mom and dad would make me pee myself a little
 Incidentally do you know what you're gonna be doing?
 I sent u a really hard to read itinerary
 Bombay for 4/5 days then being a tourist in the south
 Then back to north to Pune
 Sightseeing, visiting relatives, etc.
 It's a lot of time I know
 Oh wow it's pretty filled out
 Yeah bc my parents need to be constantly doing stuff or else they get bored so it's not really a vacation lol
 It's so annoying
 But my mom insists we will have time at some point to spa etc
 But I don't really see when or how since it's gonna just be go go go
  sounds like you're gonna need a vacation when you get back
 On top of that if I eat tiny portions my mom will scream at me that I'm not enjoying vacation bc I'm watching what I eat
 Bc she feels guilty eating alone
 So if we're out and she's hungry I have to force feed myself
 It's as much fun as it sounds (not a lot)
 Why are we going for 5 weeks. òê
 3**
 Gonna feel like 5
 My mom just looked at vaidu and went "you're the only skinny person in the family"
 ò
 Now she's crying
 And saying she regrets visiting us
 I don't know how to react
 It happens on a daily basis
 We haven't even left yet
 This is day 3. Omg.
 I'm so exhausted
 You call me hunns?
 Yes
 I was trying to see if my package came inand it's clooosed wash
 Wah*
 Awee
 I was not sure if you called in error
 Hi boopers I just got done with my Stuff now, figured it might be too late to call?
 Lol yeah sorry booper. I'm in the car with my dad on the way to family christmas
 I understand
 
 òò
 òòòò
 I'm so done with vaidu dude omg
 She yelled at me for taking the trash out wrong
 Then said the day I clean the apartment is the day I can have a say in when she yells at me or not
 And that "I should give this to her"
 I think I'm gonna hire a cleaning lady when I'm at home
 And do it myself
 ò
 Goddamn hunns
 Stay strong è
 We're on our way to JFK now
 I'm gonna give her the window seat and drink a shuttle of wine
 Shit ton*
 Sounds like a good plan
 BE SAFE HUNNIES I MISS YOU òòòòòòòòòò
 I'm over it already
 I feel like Ima have a meltdown soon
 She's making me so miserable
 
 Omg
 My return payment didn't go theu
 From saks
 Tell me it's just delayed
 It's probably delayed. It's a Sunday so they won't report anything officially probably until Tues
 You can probably email them to follow up
 Ok. I don't have the reciept on my
 Me*
 It's at my apt
 And I'm at the airport
 :/
 
 Well you have proof of your purchase which is important
 I would just give it a little time if I were u
 Ok
 We just got done checking in
 It took 40 minutes
 Retail employees the world over are probably at death's door by now
 Oh wow
 ò£î´
 Lol the water gun
 Sounds like you have quite a bit of time to hang out at the lounge
 Hey man Apple doesn't support violence unless it's icepick violence è
 Do you mean that's the only weapon or did something happen with apple and the pick?
 That's the real story about how Steve jobs died
 The cancer was just a cover for death by picking
 °°°
 Sure baby
 í£°î™îí
 I ate a whole

 I want more
 I don't have a problem
 Are they better than regular marsh mallows?
 Yes
 The hipster tears add a nice touch
 True
 Hipster tears are a valuable spice
 I'm starting my champagne campaign
 My body is angry at me for eating dessert lol
 It's time for this guy to sneak away
 Lmao
 Go see a doctor
 That's not normal
 Arnt u gonna miss this when I'm gone
 I probably will. Apparently it runs in the family
 My mom has something similar and I guess just avoids a lot of food
 That sucks
 I hate avoiding food
 I do too lol
 Food is kinda our thing
 You won't get away with that while dating me
 I bought lactaid pills
 Will let u know how it works out
 
 Best wishes
 Also you look really cute
 Yay
 But Vaidus got dem cheeckbones
 I have lard
 Oh stop it u
 
 Why
 I don't know
 But I had to share it
 I.. guess so
 Lolol
 What do u want from doody free
 I'll pick it up on the way back
 Maybe a cologne?
 Eh I think I have everything I could neeed
 Booze?
 U never NEED anything
 Water food and shelter bro
 
 That's really fcking god
 Good*
 Wait that's an 18 year scotch whiskey?
 It's smooth with no peat or smoke
 Kinda bourbon ish without being bourbon
 How much is it?
 I didn't check just took a shot a pic and walked away
 Oh lol
 If it's reasonable I'll grab it for ye
 It's on sale online for 80
 I wouldn't even make an old fashioned with it
 Just drink it straight
 It's sooo amazing
 Yeah you don't usually wanna mix a good single malt whisky
 It's a limited release too
 òçòç
 It's weird to think that whisky was bottled in a pre 9/11 world
 Ok so I'll get u that
 If not I'll grab u cologne
 Well poured into the oak at least
 Ta da! Some
 Done*
 Lol booper
 Or some other booze I try
 You do not have to
 And decide I like
 Fair enough
 Hey man it's a rite of passage for flying
 it's what u do
 I still have like 70% of the select oak
 Who said we'd keep it at ur place
 Jk
 I'm not an alcoholic
 I just act like one on tv
 
 Lolol
 Should I have another glass of champagne
 Yes or yes
 Or should I wait to booze on the flight
 I GOT MORE BOOZE
 U DIDNT RESPOND SO I WENT WITH IT
 Oh hi lol
 I got caught up with stuffs
 Congrats on the booze
 
 I found dis
 What's my Christmas present
 I demand answers
 Also I took a break from booze to get coffee so I could stay up to eat the food on the airplane and drink more booze
 #priorities
 BYE BABIES IMA MISS YOUUUUUUUU
 HAVE FUN
 Looool baby I love you
 Have fun on vacation wif your family
 If you ever wanna text me I am here for u
 Also if you are capable
 yeah maybe when I yam on wifi
 Send nudes pls
 òèòèòè
 Heh heh heh
 Whatcha doing now
 Just watching some YouTubes
 Texting you George an dsve
 What are you up to hunnigans
 You must be pretty close to boarding time
 Idk when we board
 Our flights at like 11:44
 Boarding starts at 10:40
 Can I call you please
 
 
 Whoops
 
 Lolol babers
 I love you
 I love you too hunns
 Hey just so I know
 Do you know yet if nighttime or morningtime is good for u to talk/text?
 No clue
 We'll be in a different room
 So let me figure it out when I get there? What's easiest for u babers?
 I board in 15 minutes
 Hopefully
 No problem, not sure tbh
 I'm guessing end of ur day would be easiest for u
 I'll be at work during that time but I can find a conference room if I'm not on a call
 What about my morning
 Is that better?
 I'll be home so probably
 How many hours ahead is it? 10?
10.5
 Looks like 9 1/2 I guess, depending on daylight
 Ah
 My am is ur pm
 Maybe the am will be better
 Yup
 Your 8pm is my noon
 I'm usually pretty free of calls btw 12 and 2
 So that could work
 Or sorry I guess your 10pm is my noon
 We will make it work
 
 I boarded
 I miss you and love you!
 So we're not siting with our parents which is reallllly nice
 Ooh awesome
 Time to get  into all kinds of hijinks
 Check my Snapchat
 I'll snap stories it all
 But I need to change into comfy clothes and they're not letting me :(
 Anyways I'm almost drunk (sad bc it's from like 3 pours of wine)
 But I love you and miss you
 And Ima see u on the other side okay babers?
 You're amazing.
 Aww Hunnies I love you too
 I'm gonna miss you like crazy
 
 It's like a controller
 I wonder if they gta
 Have*
 I have wifi
 And I was able to nap
 Landed and in the lounge
 Oo hey
 I just woke up ò
 °
 All I see is a box lol
 
 Look how creepy
 Oh Jesus
 I'm glad I don't have that monstrosity
 Lol
 This lounge is insane but im like so tired
 I mean I basically slept while you were in the air
 I mean I stayed up lateish but still
 I slept 3 hrs
 That was my flight day on Tues
 I slept extra all week to make up for it
 I just showered
 Felt really good
 Nice perks
 It was the largest rainforest showerhead
 Only regret is we didn't get a massage lolol
 Yeah definitely worth the upgrade
 Now we're waiting for my dad to finish up and we're boarding
 I'm on the second flight
 Boopers
 Have a safe flight boopers òò
 òòòòò
 So the food on this flight is a lol bit worse than the last one
 Figured
 And before we left there was a passenger who stopped the plane
 Bc she lost her luggage
 (It was put in another compartment)
 So it was up here in bidness class and she was in economy
 So they searched all the overhead bins until we found it
 It was annoying
 I've had two dinners so far today babe
 Lolol that sounds amazing
 I have had only a 1/2 cup of butternut squash soup
 And some crackers
 lol I have to land and then go get breakfast
 I don't wannna
 I wanna sleep and work out
 I hear u bro
 I guess you'll be able to after you're settled a bit more
 Yup
 :/ what are you doing now
 And why haven't had food yet
 I had to pack and head to my dad's place
 I fly out in a couple of hours
 I assume you won't see this for a while but next time we talk we'll both have traveled a ways
 You slightly further than I ò
 Hiii
 I fell asleep ò
 Noice
 Are you in the air??
 Yes
 I've been here forever
 Am I speaking with 30,000 feet aru?
 Days are blurring together
 Yep
 WOOOo
 Aww
 You are 16 hours into your journey
 Jesus
 Two hours to go
 Aww you are close
 Congrats baber
 Lolol
 I'll believe it when I land
 When's ur flight take off
 At least I'm not sitting upright
 Aww ye that's good
 My flight doesn't leave till 8 òê
 I'm hanging with my dad at the moment but I gotta head to the airport probably by 630 just to be safe
 I'm playing Yahtzee and I got a Yahtzee
 
 Dayum
 ≤≤≤≤≤
 Ooh do they have plants v zombies?
 You should play bro
 No they don't we have it on our iPad
 Ah
 Oo you have pandemic and monopoly tho
 True true
 That seems pretty legit
 Win DAT Yahtzee baber
 Lol
 My throats hurts when I yawn
 Probably being in the dry air of the airplane for so long
 I'm drinking red wine and water tho
 And champagne
 Lol the campaign goes on
 Lolol it h'was just one glass
 I'm getting some coffee now I don't think I can sleep any more
 And we have only 1:40? Left
 Sounds about right
 Possibly less
 1:39
 Sweet
 Remember the movie the terminal
 I feel like that but with an airplane
 Lol the one where Tom Hanks is stranded in a foreign land with just one real friend?
 I do
 Lolol the one where he's stuck in the airport
 ò
 There should be a Wilson emoji
 Ppl can use it when they've been stood up on dates
 èê
 Lolol
 I know I know I think of everything
 I've run out of things to do with my dad
 I have an hour till my mom gets here and idk what to do
 I feel like you who is feeling like Tom hanks
 Maybe you can just chill together? Like have him do his thang and you do your thang?
 Put the tv on for background noise?
 So I feel like Tom Hanks via the transitive property
 I'm just on my phone at this point but I don't wanna drain. The battery
 Does ur dad happen to have power outlets on his house
 Ye
 But I do not have my charger with me
 That sucks
 Umm just watch tv with him
 Lol I am now
 Or go for a walk and see if he wants to join you
 He's watching the news
 My dad does that too. So boring
 His hips are bad he can't walk without a lot of pain
 Aw
 Then my suggestion is out the window
 Ye
 I've talked to him about moving to a first floor apartment
 I think he needs to have surgery for them and there's no way he can walk up stairs during recovery
 Eh I'll be okay I'm just anxious to get back home
 I did the counting and I've apparently only been in my apartment 7 nights this month
 Oh damn
 Didn't u work in the beginning of december?
 Baby I worked every day
 Just a lot of wfh and travel
 So where did u wfh if it wasn't ur apt?
 I'm confused how 7 days is possible
 Well yeah wfh from your place and from my momma's house
 And from Va
 Ooh
 Well u do have that month to month lease
 So I was at your place a couple Fridays and mondsus
 Yeah I do
 I can run away and never come bacl
 Woosh
 Lmao
 You should
 Lolol let's do it hunnigans
 òèòè
 So the uh in front of me dropped his phone in his seat
 Uh oh
 And the flight attendant had to take apart the seat cushion
 To find it
 Loool
 He got it tho
 Damn that's quality service
 Lolol
 My arm huuurts
 Aww
 You're almost there babers
 You'll be landing around when I get to the airport
 Did you grab global data or no
 So I watched a movie called murder she baked
 Now we're watching the sequel
 It's great
 Global days from Verizon is unavailable for India
 Lol sounds amazing
 But we should have wifi
 In the hotels
 Wow that's pretty absurd
 But cool
 We can get local SIM cards
 Hmm
 Wat
 Nothin bro, nothun
 Lol ok è
 Babe I'm in the hotel
 Call me pls
 Hey booper I just touched down. Not sure if you're gonna be around still but I can call you in like 10 minutes once I deplane
 Hey babe
 I'm trying to nap now
 I'll have time tonight to give you a ring is that cool
 We're all checked in in the hotel
 Sure hunns
 Just let me know
 
 So I have a SIM card in my phone
 Oh I see
 Seems helpful
 Yesss
 Im visiting my grandparents now
 They have these mugs that we used to use when we were younger
 
 
 I'm so happy I found these u have no idea
 Haha those are awesome mugs
 I think the cat was my favorite
 And Vaidus was the dogs
 Lol they are both pretty amazing
 I think I like the cat cos of that happy little sun
 Booper my boots are scheduled for delivery tomorrow
 Also there are 6 ppl in my office today
 Oh nice
 Take it easy then! Work from home!
 Lol I will take it ez
 I might just work from home tmmr to wait for my boots
 I'll see how things look for me
 Lmao
 
 
 
 Security pupper
 He's one of the good ones
 Our hotel has a mall with a ferragamo store in it
 
 Can u pick up the phone
 
 James
 I miss you
 Arundhati
 òò
 Wtf
 Why are I calling me by my full name
 Oh bc I said James
 òêòòòò°
 Haha baby
 I love you
 °°°°°
 Are those the clown Emojis
 I only see boxes
 
 Gah
 Baby I gained 2 kg
 In one meal
 So we just woke up now
 You guys are up pretty early
 I'm still omw home brobro
 I was just thinking about you and how I wasn't gonna be able to talk to you for a while
 lol apparently we talk more now
 That's good
 I think?
 Right?
 Ehhhh
 Let's see
 Lol baby
 I also lost fantasy football
 Noooo
 Yeah
 I mean you really forcefully didn't care
 By 2 points!
 But I was really pulling for that taco victory
 NOT THE POINT
 U don't care about world domination. It just happens.
 U weirdo
 
 So booper
 2 things
 
 Nice
 
 U kept the top long
 U look like Chris Evans in that pic
 I did I did I know you like it longer
 I'll take that compliment
 You know I won't see u until it grows out
 You could have just trimmed the top to your liking
 Lol yeah but still
 There is still video chat in the interim
 Hey booper can u call u? Or are you guys getting ready to do stuffs now
 I can call
 I'm still in bed
 Ok so did a quick foam roll workout for my back and steam/sauna-ed. Ready for nap
 Puppers changing shifts
 
 The one on the left is like OMG THATS FOR THE SHIFT CHANGE BRO, IM EXHAUSTED
 And the one on the right is like DID SOMEONE SAY BALL?!
 
 Looool
 So I see the puppers every day
 They're super cute
 
 Lol baby those are working doggod
 Doggos*
 You're not supposed to interact with them
 I didn't interact with them
 I know it's just sad. Like a tragic love story
 I didn't!!!
 Between a woman and her favorite doggos
 Buy me a puppy
 Lol u know I will
 ê∂ê∂ê∂ê∂ê∂ê∂ê∂ê∂ê∂
 But it needs to be cared for bro
 U and ur rules
 U gotta walk it and pick up its poops in those little plastic baggies
 That's what ur there for
 The poops
 I'll walk into
 Tho*
 Lol them puppers poop every day u know
 I can follow us
 Picking up the poop
 Sometimes multiple times a dsy
 So it doesn't know that I don't do it
 It'll know
 Dogs are intuitive like that
 Oh by the way
 My brother ended up recommending a band that was really good
 U might like them
 Have you heard of the Beatles? They're pretty good
 Foreign band but legit
 Omg did he really say that
 No lol
 ??
 They were good tho, the band
 Two door Cinema club
 Oh I've heard of them
 Reminds me of death cab for cutie but I like them a lot more
 I was watching a music video of theirs the other day and I feel old
 They look like babies
 I think they're our age but they started touring in like 2009 when they were prob 20-21
 Oh ok
 Im so tired wah
 It's late dood
 I know we're just heading home now
 So I've got the shits
 Yay
 òê
 òê hope you start to feel better quickly
 Does not sound like a fun time
 Well ur supposed to get sick asap then ur better and can eat whatever u want
 So I guess now I'm good
 Also we got ice cream and now I'm in a rickshaw
 
 Lol i figured as much
 But it still sucks to be glued to the toilet
 Looks pretty snazzy
 lol yup we didn't leave the hotel until 5 pm
 But dinner here starts at 11
 And things open at 10 am
 11 pm**
 So even leaving at 5 was ok
 Damn boops
 That's good
 So I take it you're basically on your way to dinner
 We're actually back
 We ate at old person time
 Lolol
 Are you gonna be around in 25 minutes?
 Yes
 I went out to get lunch but I would like to call if you're still around
 I'm available now
 I can't call right this minute
 Ok
 I take it you're busy/with your family rn
 No, but my phone is dying my charger broke and I have to be up in 6 hours
 
 Okay hunnies
 Hope you have a good night and a fun day tmmr
 I love you
 Hi babers
 I love you too
 I might be able to call tomorrow am
 It will be super tight but it might work
 Aww you are sweet
 I don't want you to miss anything important
 But I will make myself available
 I have to be up at 6, gym till 7, eat shower and change and out the door by 8
 Damn that's early af
 Yes it is
 That's when I've been waking up usually
 And a pretty crunched timeframe
 We overslept
 I haven't been sleeping well at all but vaidu keeps insisting that she's been sleeping worse
 So I guess I can't complain
 But I'm just so very tires
 Tired*
 Aww babers
 I hope you can get some rest
 Yeah me too
 Oh bro I saved 20% on my car insurance today
 Switching to geico?
 I switched from Geico to state farm
 òê
 Lmao
 I actually have better coverage too
 That's hilarious
 But I'm pretty pumped
 I "ate" breakfast
 Ah
 I know that feel bro
 Egg white omelet and half a slice of toast
 I need a vacation from Vaidu.
 
 If you have some time we should do something together
 Weekend/long weekend trip?
 We can go a lil bit south or up to ski
 A month long please
 She is so draining to be around
 Sometimes
 Dude I hear you. She is one of my favorite ppl but it's been really difficult
 Like even in little interactions I see it
 Lol
 She doesn't have a SIM card here and won't take the one I have so when I was just texting u now she made a comment "internet must be nice". And that was just "small talk"
 So I guess I can't be texting
 òê
 Idk what to say man
 I think maybe it would be good to talk to her directly
 Be like, you are being really hurtful
 I did
 She just yells back
 
 Ideally you'd get her in a calm state? Idk man
 I'm trying, man. I'm trying.
 Look up bombay whorli sea link
 It's a bidge thigie weee on now
 I think you'll like it
 
 
 Those are the slum villages in front of super expensive high rises
 So I have a new Netflix show for u to watch
 It's called the OA
 And it's amaaazing
 Hey Hunnies I am heading up to VT with Dave now. I hope you have a good day
 Really cool cable stayed bridge btw
 It looks super fancy
 Ah have fun
 I cNt selfie but everyone says hi
 Hiiii 
 My dad is talking out his ass about trump. òê
 òê
 òò
 Are u drunk yet
 òòòò
 Lol no prob not till tmmr
 I see
 Whatcha doing now
 Having a couple beers and catching up
 We're gonna head to bed now tho
 Oh
 Lame
 It's almost 1
 Lolol
 M
 O
 So
 The power button on my phone is stuck
 Not sure what will happen if I let it sleep and/or lose power but I guess I'm getting a new phone soon
 Just fui
 FYI*
 Okay
 I mean is it gonna die tonight or what
 I have my charger so hopefully not but u don't want to just ghost
 I don't*
 If Alex has wd40 maybe try that
 Lol yeah it's jammed in there
 Lol boops
 I just ate for three hours and now I want to nap
 But it's almost midnight
 I want my bed èèèè
 
 Awww you look so pretty
 8 note minites baber
 8 more minutes*
 Omg can't come fast enough
 U got this baber
 We just went snowshoeing, we should go together sometime
 It was really fun
 I'm in a food coma
 So that sounds super hard right now
 We're getting geared up to eat lol
 I've just had one piece of bread and a half a scrambled egg so fsr
 I ate too much
 Four minutessss till sleep
 Hahaba
 
 
 Happy new year òòòòçÇ
 
 Oh wow
 That's really pretty
 You gonna go to sleep?
 Soon hopefully lol
 
 Looks like u all took a bunch of roofies
 Shhh
 
 DRUNK GRANDMA STARUSSSS
 Woo party
 Update: finished Netflix series (it's so good omg) but still not sleepy
 Also not drunk
 Grandma fail all around
 èèè
 IS IT NEW YEARS YET BABERS
 ITS SO CLOSE BABER
 I'm drunk and we had hot cocoa with marshmallows and whiskey
 And Bailey's
 
 That's adorable. Happy New Years baby
 à
 Can I call
 We're leaving soon for the airport
 Sure hunns
 I'm tired.
 Hi dude so we landed
 This is tropical tropical like Bali
 Hey booper were all up now
 I'm tired af
 Hi bro
 Can I cal
 Calll*
 2 mins
 Send nudes pls
 So we saw sausage party.. not sure I would recommend
 It was really fucking weird
 Lmaoooo
 What happened
 So there was literally like a 5 minute scene
 Where the entire supermarket has an orgy
 Just 5 minutes of animated foods fucking each other
 ≠
 
 Also some not so great race joked
 Loooooooool
 Ruh Roh
 So u didn't like it
 I mean there were a couple parts that were funny but yeah mostly not a fan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Random pics - 33 carat sapphire, saris we rejected and didn't buy, a church, random art posters (there's an art festival here), pic from the boat (were on the water), inside of the church, a laundry facility bc they wash all the laundry in this place (hand wash and line dry unless it's minsooning then they have these really odd looking dryers)
 The third to last pic is a small temple to the goddess kali
 We also went to a Jain monestary but we couldn't take pics there
 What are your thoughts on dating the Michelin man? Asking for a friend....
 So this is a booze less vacation ò±
 Just had me first drank here tonight bc it's a dry state with weird drank laws
 Lol I am a bit confused about those last two texts
 But that's kinda unfortunate
 So kerela is a dry state except for five star hotels where they serve booze
 Except they don't serve on the first of each month
 So this mini vacation is more or less booze less
 Oh interesting
 I just woke up from another nap
 Feeling like I'm gonna stay away from booze after Saturday
 Lol too much?
 I'm stuck on a family vacation with no booze and soon to be no internet
 Lol yeah I was feeling not so great yesterday was
 See yeah that sucks
 Yuuuup
 I'm at trader Joe's getting food
 Vaidus up finishing her apps last minute so yay im up too bc the light is on
 Ah I see
 Lol
 Apparently their pizza veggie burger is amazing
 Poor hunnigans
 Oh goddamn that sounds goof
 Is new
 I just bought like 5 meals worth of ingredients
 Gonna do a few weeks of freezer meals as a test run
 Grab stuff for freezer too
 Oh yeah I got some of their pre made frozen stuff
 Whatcha get
 What's their new seasonal stuff?
 I got a stir fry thing, a couple of their sauces, their soups, and some meatballs
 Mmmm
 I didn't see anything particularly seasonal tbh
 Their meatballs are ok
 Nothing amazing so be ready to sauce em up
 Lol
 They have a flyer that says what their new stuff is
 Yeah I just wanted them for additions
 Ah I see
 Trader Joe's has great snacks too
 And their oatmeal packets are legit
 Snacks being pre portioned trail mix and stuff like that
 Lol yeah I haven't eaten and I'm struggling not to buy like 1000 snack packs
 They have great pre marinated meats too
 U can buy a few and be lazy
 I mostly had my meals planned out beforehand
 and decent frozen veggies
 So I'm good to go
 What meals
 So my phone died
 I got the button to work again so that works for now
 But. I ended up watching the OA. Solid show
 lol all of it ?
 Na not yet
 It's pretty good so far tho
 I just woke up
 ò awww sleepy aru
 Ugh I got so fat dude
 
 I have wifi
 Woo
 I started my period
 
 Did you call me today booper?
 Yes
 I did
 Oh I see I see
 I have all these calls today cos everyone's finally back from vacation
 My parents are driving me insane
 Shit son
 They're like "hey breakfast is only there until 10"
 So we woke up at 9 we're gonna shower and head up
 òê
 Every ten minutes it's a phone call or text or someone at the door
 I finally yelled at them
 Like wtf
 Im constipated and have my period
 I'm in no mood for shenanigans
 Also all the monkeys are stalking us bc we're eating
 
 lol dude just wants food
 Daww
 Omg I'm so pissed off and done with today
 Hope you are able to get some rest huns
 Kinda not really
 Did u read the other chat about my shitty day?
 Perioding, yes
 Does not seem pleasant
 I had to sit in it all day
 
 Wear a pad on top of my soaked underwear and a super tampon in
 I doubled over in pain
  only another day or so, right?
 Hopefully
 
 So we're on our way from athirapally to coconut lagoon
 In kumkrakom
 Its gonna be like idk, 4 hr car ride?
 Sounds like a fun time
 My mom was sick last night she had a fever so she's kinda meh
 Oh man that does not sound good
 Beata had this weird thing this am where she told me I was super negative and she wasn't sure why she was friends with me. òê and I'm in day 2 of my period with white pants and a thong on. it's been a weird day man.
 It was 100.2 apparently
 So kinda high
 òê
 Seems like you should prolly wear some other color but idk bro
 Guessing you don't have a choice at this point
 Also yeah I hope your mom is alri
 Lmao
 She seems fine now
 Oh also I have this one hair which never dries correctly. I'm regretting bangs now lol
 Lolol
 So we're going on a houseboat
 Which means I won't have wifi
 Until tomorrow
 When we check in to the hotel
 It's basically a boat with with two bed rooms and a dining room etc they say it has running water so let's see
 Cat and his deaf human

 Dude this houseboat is siiiick
 Look booper it's you
 
 Hi boops I'm alive
 This is really pretty I have to bring you here one day
 Awwww
 Baby I miss you
 I hope you're having a good time
 I yam I yam. I can actually fit into clothes again
 View this am from boat
 
 That's so beautifully haunting
 They even let me drive the boat
 We crashed but that wasn't when I was there
 Hahahah
 Glad you specified
 Some other asshole boat didn't slow down
 Ah
 South India >>>>>>> north India
 I haven't been groped once!
 That is good to hear
 But also kinda sad if it needed to be said
 Yup
 Are you in a hotel room? Would I be able to call or no
 Not now
 We're boating to our hotel room
 Ah okay
 Well I just want to say I love you and I miss you
 Aww
 Did u see the cat gif I sent yesterday
 Omg
 No I did not
 That's amazing!
 I guess I didn't get notifications from the other day, they updated my OS and I've been resetting preferences on and off todsy
 Did u get ur new phone?
 Bro
 I love the little portrait of me btw
 No lol
 I even drew u in white
 I prolly should but I'm trying to decide if I should hold out for a month or 2 to get the next generation of Android phones
 Hold out
 I'm holding out until sept
 They just announced the newest gen of snapdragon processors
 Or trying to
 Lol yah
 Oh snap.....dragon
 Lol u are so cheesy
 Btw Baber I ended up cooking 24 meaps
 Meals
 With the extra stuff I got from trader Joe's I probably have 30 meals
 Those last few meals will taste of freezer burn
 Whatcha cook
 #alwayspositive
 Hahaha baber
 IM JUST SAYIN DUDE
 I made copycat sofritas and chicken burritos
 Veggie burgers
 Stir fry
 OH DIP
 recipe for sofritas?
 And turkey chili with cabbage
 It's not 100% the same but I used this
 The other thing u can do is prep and throw everything together in a Tupperware
 And then just cook

 That's basically what I did
 I Made meals over 3 days
 Ok
 But yeah I have a good amount of variety now
 Good
 What's ur resolution
 I have basic ingredients for chicken wraps
 Mine is to travel once a month
 Get a better job bro
 So we can do more weekend trips and use our points lol
 Lol that is a good one
 We can prob get some super cheap flights if we figure out the right dates
 We should see if we can do a Miami trip btw now and March
 Yes
 It's a semi outdoor bathroom
 Once I get wifi I'll send you pics
 So cool
 By for now we checked in but our room isn't ready
 So I'll video you tomorrow am your time
 I have a fever í 99.4
 Now it's 100.0
 It's back down to like 99.6
 Meh
 I took some meds And I feel better so let's see
 òoh no
 I hope you can rest hunnie
 I've been playing cards all day. We're now playing cards and drinking wine
 That's what I'm supposed to do right
 Lolz
 Sounds legit
 So there's a "cultural performance" here for the throats
 Tourists **
 Ends up being the same classical dance I did growing up. òê
 Like why I gotta watch this lol
 Lolz sounds like it's meant for someone else
 White propel
 People*
 Can I call you in like ten minutes?
 
 I feel like crap we just ate dinner. Gonna call it a night but
 No but that was auto correct
 I miss u
 If I don't make it I love I
 I also love u
 It's not working
 
 Good night bro
 Aww good night hunnies
 I hope you feel better
 Me right now 

 Lol nice
 Get some sleep booper
 I'm so cold
 I can't seem to get warm
 
 I'm wearing my JCrew boots today
 They're pretty great
 I just woke up
 I think I'm over my fever temp says 98.5
 That's good to hear baber
 Theres a British family here where the mom is Indian and the dad is white
 And they have two sons
 And omg they are the cutest kids ever
 "Can I have my toy please"

 Hi
 Hey babe
 I slept like 12 hours last night
 Feeling groggy
 Hi
 I've been having dirrearh with painful stomach cramps for the last 24 hours now
 I took an Imodium and pep to to try to stop it to no avail apparently. We're leaving today thank god but it's gonna be a long car ride and my dad wants to stop by a temple.ò I hope I don't shart my pants today.
 
 Today we are waking up
 Checking out
 Driving to the airport to get back to Mumbai
 On the way we will stop by a temple
 Oh I see
 Sorry Baber the internet connection isn't the best
 We got like 5-6 inches of snow tho and it's still falling
 Yeah that's me it's been this for like four days
 Jesus
 Oh shiiit
 I have a tan
 Look at my snapchats
 Lol nice
 Oops
 I hope you feel better hunnies
 Thank you. I might have to poop again òê
 3 times in 10 minutes gah
 Ahhhhh
 And my lower back huuuurts
 It's all seized up
 ò
 So my aunt is a dr (not aunt aunt but family friend aunt I think)
 And my mom called her and she told us what meds to get
 And so we're going to the pharmacy to grab them
 They are all otc here
 So ill get meds
 Oh that's good to hear
 Get better baber
 Thank you
 I'm so tried right now
 So tired
 
 Sleepy aru
 Though I guess it's more exhausted poopy aru
 Yes exhausted shart my pants Aru
 Babers
 Why is India trying to kill me
 
 
 I look so sad 
 Hiding your feels in them sunglasses
 Today is my grandpas 89th bday
 How crazy is that
 Dude these were the best purchase ever lolol
 I have some more gas stuck in my stomach
 This is worse than period cramps
 I never want to eat again.
 Or drink any liquids
 
 Ugh I know that feel bro
 Feel better hunnigans
 Lol
 I'm gonna complain bc that makes me feel slightly better
 First it was period
 Then it was a fever
 Now this
 Literally back to back
 Before that it was constipation
 I think I'm gonna try to nap in the car
 I'm so over this
 Although I got a tan so it's not all bad
 Yeeesh
 íÅè
 And I have five more days
 lol FIVE
 Eeeeeeeh
 Does the us still exist
 Or is it like hunger games style

 We still have like 15 days till the first hunger games begins
 òê
 Don't leave us Barry
 Ok dude I'm getting out of wifi
 Feel better baber
 
 My bread basket for the ride
 Oo
 Toast and corn muffins. The breakfast and lunch of sharters everywhere
 Yes we have to go by boat to leave this resort bc it's on a lake
 There are canals around it so we are taking canals to the parking lot
 This is what 36 hours of constant pain looks like
 
 
 I want a hug
 I SAID I WANT A HUG
 Aww you still look super cute
 òòò
 I just woke up ò
 My back still huuuuuurts
 My front still huuuuuuuuurts
 And I have no pants on
 Also isn't it a bit late for a wake up hmmmm?
 It's a Sunday and I didn't have any coffee the past couple days
 Don't judge bro
 Sure sure
 I'm watching black mirror
 The first episode is ummmm
 Interesting
 Omg I have to fart so bad
 Look at my autocorrect
 
 Emojis ftw
 Lolol
 So I just woke

 My back is still hurting now that I'm up and about
 And my abs are sore and my stomach still burns
 So we are staying at the same hotel but we upgraded our package so we're at the club level instead of the pleb level. It's slightly smaller spread for food but it's fresher and more customizable. After speaking to a server I realized that everything I was eating before was cooked in ghee and that's why I was super bloated.
 Vs
 Thems not just angles bruh
 
 
 Also the pupper is now a German Shepard (we're at the same

 But they're being weird about pics
 Lol baby there's a Ferragamo store here and legit everything is 50% off
 Even converted to usd it's *insane*
 I kept asking what else is on sale and he's like oh this is 50% off that is 50% off.
 òêòç
 We also went fabric shopping today, the tailor will come tonite to measure us out to cut things to our specifications. Will be fun.!
 
 Wow
 Hi
 Sounds like a pretty good time
 Our tailor is still coming
 To take

 Such a late day lol
 Damn yeah that's a late ass day
 I'm sill getting fitted
 Damn bro it's 1030
 Yeah we're in the lobby of the hotel
 That's good
 You don't have to go far
 I lost my key card
 ò
 Good job
 èèèèèè
 Are u at work how cold is it there
 Ok I'm going to bed and have no clothes on bc I'm an adult and that's what I do
 Noice
 Answer me baby
 What are u doing
 I've been on this vacation for 15 days
 It's too long man òì
 Lol sorry I did not see the previous message
 I'm wfh today
 I was actually gonna be on PTO PTO but we are supposed to have multiple calls with clients
 Pto? What for
 You going on a trip somewhere or just wanted a day off?
 I just wanted some time off nan
 I hear ya. Stupid clients
 I didn't get to actually take time off the week of Christmas
 And I've been travelling most of the past 2 months
 
 You deserve a day off
 This weekend was one of 2 weekends I spent at my apt since oct
 Can u chill tomorrow or something?
 Maybe
 I also wanted to apply to jobs
 Well I am back on Thursday but will be a waste of space till Monday
 So you will have next weekend to yourself as well
 Also I talked to Alex's dad at the Nye party and he was super into helping me flesh out that idea for my own T&R firm
 Aww
 But I miss the space you waste
 Ooh nice
 Awe
 But boopers Ima be on a 10 hr jet lag
 And I have Monday off
 U should take it off too
 And we can play video games
 Lolol
 I might be able to
 I'll see
 Are you gonna be at ur hotel room soon ish? Can you call?
 I am in bed
 Ya call
 What is this magic?

 Pupper is so majestic
 Did u just wake up?
 I thought you'd like him
 Åç†í
 I see
 Well hopefully you can go back to sleep afterwards
 Bahahahaha
 Ur funny
 I'm hearing up dinner rn
 Heating
 Which one is it
 How do u store them meals bro
 Ziplock in freezer?
 So I spoke with vaidu
 Yeah ziplock in freezer
 What happened
 Nothin just about you heading down
 She agrees with me that we're gonna be on diff schedules the first weekend and the weekend after might be better to visit bc we'd be more like normal humans then
 But if you still wanna come you can
 It might be a lot of us napping or sleeping while you're up
 Our plans now are this: land Thursday, Friday as early as we can get out to Whole Foods and grocery shop. We're gonna try to debloat with lots of raw veg, smoothies, eating in bc we've been eating out for 3 weeks
 And just hang out. We wanna go to the movies
 No alcohol, stuff like that
 If you want to join then comeeeee I wanna see you I just don't want you to get boooored
 Lol it's cool its cool
 I might hang out with George the first night anywau
 So I would be down on sat more likely
 Ok
 Then just head down when ur done with George
 And if we're just sleeping all day you can entertain yourself lol
 But maybe your sleep schedule would be fucked up with George
 So might not be an issue lol
 Do u know yet if u can take Monday off
 I don't know yet
 I probably won't until wed tbh
 Ok
 That's fine just lemme know
 Okir
 Okie
 If you can't get Monday off then maybe just staying up in new haven't and coming down the next weekend or having me come up might be better. Let's chat when we know for sure about Monday
 New haven't lolol
 Sure hunnigans
 Cat just doesn't care

 Two moar days bro
 TWO MOAR DAYS
 U got this baber
 I bought a reeeeally purty dress
 And vaidu bought a gorg one too
 But we forgot to take pics
 The thing is a cape that stays on via a choker
 I also bought palazzo pant Kurtz suits. You might know them as pantaloons.
 Kurta*
 
 
 The back goes all da way down òçòç
 
 And then a photo album of my first bday with my late grandfathers handwriting
 
 (My moms dad)
 Spoiler :  I was a damn cute baby
 My grandmother also asked me when I'm having kids bc she wants to play with them. òê
 Aww you look so pretty hun
 Also òêòêò
 Lmao
 I was wondering why my phone was making noises at 4am lol
 Worth it
 Lmao
 But isn't that dress gorgeous
 It really is
 That was what got tailor made for you, right?
 It looks like it was made specifically for you
 No that's off the rack
 We still haven't gotten our tailored stuff. Those are kurtas (pant suit thingies) not dresses
 Although this has pants too I'm just not wearing it
 Pantaloons???
 Yes
 Nice.
 I'm getting pantaloon sets done, the dress doesn't have pantaloons the dress has skinny mesh pant thingies. It's awkward
 Interesting
 Also boop have you ever prepared a profit and loss statement?
 Maybe
 Why
 I'm making one now as a test/sample. Just working through the soecifics
 I have been reduced to a one syllable boop now
 Aru is too much huh
 òêòòòò
 Lol baby you know we rarely call each other by our given nanes
 It's weird when you think about it, huh
 I've been having smoothies for breakfast/lunch these past few days. It's been awesome
 Lolol
 So I'm back at the hotel room
 Finally
 I think you're gonna like the new pantaloons I got lolol
 They're the palazzo pants
 Lol I almost guarantee it
 And damn that's late for you guys, it's almost midnight
 Dude this is normal for India bc nothing opens before 10 am
 
 
 I was a cute kid yo
 Damn lil baby aru
 Can u tell me apart
 To pic which one do u think I am
 This one I'm having a hard time with
 Top*
 It's ok I have no clue I just ask my mom and memorize which one I am
 I wanna say you're the one mean mugging the little one in the middle
 Lolol HOW DARE YOU
 That's vaidu
 When has she ever had her eyes open in a pic
 I know that's what killed it
 I can usually tell if u guys are both facing the camera
 That's better than I can
 I have more, I'll go thru them with you soon
 Haha nice
 
 Wtf on those outfits
 To be fair I don't think I'd be able to tell baby pictures of me and Sean apart
 Why
 Oh pls I've seen one baby pic of u
 And u look the same
 As I do now?
 Bc that's up for debate
 Yes ur face
 Not baby but the one with u and ur mom and ur bro at the beach
 Baby I can say I have at least 20% more beard than when I was a baby
 Oh so
 I wanted to do a fun data analysis
 I ended up doing some EDA/NLP on my WhatsApp group chat with Dave Alex and sean
 I can accurately predict whether a given text is Sean about 80% of the time
 Everyone else less so but still, pretty decent from an average of about 10-15 words
 Ooh
 What about me
 Also I made word clouds of our chat
 Can u accurately predict a text from me
 Lmao omg
 I haven't tried
 I want to see this word cloud
 
 This is me and u?
 
 No that's dave
 The bottom one is total
 Omg imagine if u sent one out
 But instead of he bubble thing
 It was dick butt
 
 I had to remove haha yeah and like in addition to normal stop words because they dominated the cloud
 What did ours look like
 Do emojis make it
 I wanted a solid multinomial dataset so I didn't try ours
 òê
 I didn't process emojis but I 100% would have to figure out how to do it for ours
 Lmao
 BOOPER
 Emojis account for like 20% of our comvo
 BOOP
 BABY
 
 I did it for u
 Daww òòòòòòòò
 Aww I miss you
 I do have the framework done so I could probably analyze our chat reasonably quickly
 I miss you too booperator
 I jus want a hug and a green juice
 Daww I have both, I can provide u
 Yay
 Am so tired *yawn*
 Sleepy aru
 Lolol
 I didn't wear a bra today
 Noice
 I can't wait to cuddle when I see you next
 Yay
 It would be so nice to have you warm my butt
 Haha as i do
 
 
 
 O jeez
 
 So I tried to download our WhatsApp chat but it's lost I. The interwebs

