 Haha that chat pic
 Really looks like it could be a meme
 Haha this is awesome
 <Media omitted>
 http://open.spotify.com/album/6vCUExzzSzIhykA7FBwB3t
 Haha nice
 So many commercials on tv for website building and marketing services. But the real question is can their CEO freestyle in a Scottish accent?
 That'll be the deal breaker question in rfp's for web designers. 'Oh you can't spit bars over this beat...gtfo.'
 Spent what seemed like hours going through sas files and taking notes..... Then I woke up. Worst type of dream.
 And then the case I helped carefully assemble...A group of auditors just ran a three p train on it.
" Their team was methodical. Though they gave weak responses to some counters, they were in the position of power and they def flipped the dick down. Wouldn't have been surprise if I heard a bunch of hype men in the background of the conference call."
 Made me remember... In life you're either getting fucked in the ass or fucking people in the ass. Choose a position..... I might make my next job with the government regulators
 Yeah rolling up in places and screaming 'prepare to be fucked by the long dick of the law.' I need to get in on this consultant/regulatory train.
 So for labor day what foods should we bring? I still got that turkey in deep freeze and can always murk Meatman for more variety.
 Sea dogs anyone?
 Pretty sure showing up with a keg of sea dog would earn me a permanent ban from Alex's place. Though it would beg the question who would ever drink that much sea dog to warrant retailing of bulk quantities.
 Wait. Probably the girls impressed with my purchase of the sampler.
 Yeah a hiking snack besides almonds would be good. Would the turkey be doable?
 Yep I'll start that tonight. Or me and Jim can do fast faucet thingamajig defrost like our previous turkey cooking adventures.
 Aw sheeeit... We're gonna get so weird.
 That picture lol. Had to mute the phone to laugh during a doctor call.
 Should be I've checked and its did for 9 months to a year
 Hey we could always pull a bear grylls on a hike
 I'll bring some backup meat just in case the turkey turns into Shaq attacks on the backboard.
 November....
 Frozen always
 These were from the Thanksgiving season. They were a special batch for employees.
 <Media omitted>
 Rejected cartoons by Don Hertzfeldt
 Watch 'Rejected - Don Hertzfeldt' on YouTube - https://youtu.be/9l7sxPLhOQk
 Damn that's a lot of anal prn
 2.5 hour round trip sounds good. Not 3 hours one way.
 This will be nice for my hiking resume.
" Sorry xzibit, but i already shut down the okc profile."
" Nothing like having a meeting with the operations manager and he opens with 'We got a big piece of shit and it's about to hit but the fan, and there's gonna be shit everywhere.'"
 It was funny until we reviewed all the current anal prolapsing issues plaguing our office.
 How are we all getting up to Vermont? Any carpooling or pick ups from the bus station?
 I have work until 6 tomorrow. Might lug the turkey to work and and stash it in the fridge.
 Then make a straight shot up 91 for an ETA of 2100
 Jim dunno if you wanna carpool?
 I'll be in Wallingford so a quick hop on 15
 I'll drive down to New Haven. Should get there just about the same time you get out of work.
 Gotta shit on the floor
" Rick and Morty, dude. Watch it. It'll change your life."
 So on top of the turkey I'm bringing some back ribs. Anyone gonna handle the vegetable department. Really want nothing but net all weekend.
 <Media omitted>
 Yeah I'd be down for some boners too.
 And bring your homebrew empties
" Butze, this is why we can't have nice things... Jk, I'll just pick up extra bottles for the next bottle session."
 Looks like the end of this weekend will be like trying to duck a beach ball through a basketball hoop.
 Dunk*
" Just found out my company fucked up. My health insurance doesn't kick in until next week, so I've been without coverage for a while now. Really killing it in Roy II."
 Sigh.... The customer service reps have been really fucking up. Now I notice one of them uses comic sans with multicolor font for an email signature..... Not sure of I can take them seriously
 Yeah that guy is braving the heat and the stares.
 <Media omitted>
 That along with the family portrait and little dilapidated home details
 Email for credit limit increase and then one from my 401k plan saying I have good diversification. Is this supposed to be the RL equivalent of the video game achievement pop ups. Because they feel equally empty.
 The video icon already says a lot. White dude with bleach blonde hair.... This will be interesting.
 Valnøtt pedal
 Got some long stubble going... If I keep this to the end of the week I'll have a basic beard.
 To shave or not to shave...
" Lmao, that's a gnarly beard though."
" Lol yeah, so deep."
 Haha nice
 And yeah klunge. That British vernacular.
" Lol I don't remember that article, but it sounds interesting"
" And I scrolled past pencil mustache pizza man, I could hear the words 'it'sa tight butthole'"
 As i*
" Speaking of not giving a fuck, I've decided to go full retard with growing a beard."
 Haha wtf
 Ah. Was about to say being cool like shia labeouf is not making a good case for having a beard.
 <Media omitted>
 Jesus
 I'm not sure what's worse: the fact that he's ordained clergy now or the discussion you two had as seventh graders.
 The sound of butt stuff is also stuck in my head.
" Those were the early days of the internet, too. Don't think any streaming sites existed yet. Or if they did it was pixel porn. He'd have that stuff on hard copy DVD/vhs."
" Yeah way before HD, way before 16:9 standard. Those clicky clack days of porn."
 http://www.vice.com/read/undergrads-today-are-the-worst-a-tas-confession?utm_source=vicefbus
 Parts if this article made me think of your TA stories and the sordid state of higher ed.
 Just imagining you guys on your knees with arms to the heavens bellowing out 'How do I reach these kids?'
 Or Alex proctoring an exam and answer questions with a simple 'fuck should I know'
 Machine shop again?
 Or I mean the laser metal lab
 This is awesome.
" Damn, I had conversation with my mom about my time at UConn. And I remembered how much I fucking hated that place. Like coming out of North garage in the morning and feeling like I stepped in a streaming pile of shit. Or crossing streets with no fucks given while staring down bro drivers and occasionally whispering 'do it ya mother fucker.'"
 That's also why I find it particularly funny when Rick throws out the taunt in near death situations.
 Lol.
" People always repeat the 'college is the best time of your life' or 'I'd doing anything to relive college' mantras. I say bull shit.  I'm much happier in the workforce. Sure, I met great people and had some important life lessons. But overall college is a really disturbing 4 (7 in my case) year carnival/microcosm that I don't need to experience again. Had my fill."
 Now I'm thinking... if I'm ever a parent how'd I justify sending a barely mature adult to such a place and paying 30-60k per year.
" When I'm 90, I'm gonna be going 90"
" Jim, I feel like that could make a good motivational poster."
 Chipotle in Hamden. All the patrons are prissy white girls and soccer mom's with kids rolling with luxury cars. Then the workers all come in city bus and look haggardly.... Tale off two cities.
 Get ready to be bummed out
" Also, I wish there was a one of the phone 'helpers' like siri or cortana but with the Mr. Meeseeks voice."
 Gotta keep it real
" Ah, classic delegating... Keeps the world a turning."
" On a side note, my mom told me I really needed to shave this morning. Asked me how I'm supposed to find a girl while rocking facial scruff....."
 For some reason I'm hearing that delivered in the tone and voice of the apple jacks kids.
 Can't wait for the returns on the beard I'm growing. Especially since I'll be Asian with a beard. That's like a Articuno status.
 I've looked at this photo five times and I laugh uncontrollably each time. Bathroom humor just never gets old.
 It looks like Pooh has fallen on some hard times... Waking up face down in a sewage drain. Must've happened when Christopher Robin got older and interests changed to 'wanking.'
 Like a depressing version of Toy Story.
 Oh right...forgot about that one and it's depressing plot.
 Its*
 Lmao
 Holy shit. The CERN folk are the edge.
 Riding chillwaves while unraveling the mysteries of the universe..... So next level auth.
 The name Carles Sagan popped in my head.
 Oh snap I forgot there was a new Rick and Morty last night
 Caught an episode of bear grylls on BBC. Happened to be the one where he floats off into the sunset with an enema.
 'Just lie back and think of...ugghh... England'
 All I could think of was Bill Burrs stand-up but on Bostonian vernacular.
 Damn almost everyone in the office is happily heading off to the employee appreciation river cruise. Me... I'm still sitting here buried in a heap of work. But I remember: at least I'm not getting interrupted with questions about lube and plan b. I smile to myself. I guess this is better than the carpet store.
 They really cranked up the realism in Roy II.
 <Media omitted>
 It's from the fart saving carpet store mother fucker episode. They mention Roy 2 in the post credit blips and chitz commercial.
 Speaking of Rick and Morty. The Post Rock girl had that in her profile favorites. Mentioned it in my opening message.... Ooooo weeee
 Listening to hybrid theory at work. So many feels. So long ago.
 Btw Sean if you're getting a suv with a different personal brand. You could look into the Toyota FJ. The car screams 'I am outdoor adventure bro.' Combo that with a pair of Oakley's and you'll probably give of the impression that you crush light beer on the reg.
 Yeah the vehicle caters to a special group of people. Like if you want give of an obnoxious poo brain vibe.
" Kids will state at you and the car. And parents will tell them it's not nice to stare, that man obviously has poo brain."
 Stare*
 Ooooo weeeee.... Gotta throw some 22's on it now.
 You could also be the person that brings whistle tips to the east coast.
" Mention to my parents that I'm thinking about getting a bike. Basically gets called a dumb idea, gonna get hit by a car, robbed on a trail, etc. Then my dad tells me to learn dancing....WTF is this, some weird reverse footloose shit."
" Oh shit dude, I just noticed your Amazon message. Congrats dude. That's some good stuff."
" Now if the hiring manager makes you watch them jerk off, you can just pull out the Amazon letter."
 Haha. I'm imagining the whole jacking off thing would be covered in the job hunt book: Chapter 17 Negotiation Tactics - Appropriate times to start wanking during an interview and establishing authority by carefully choosing where to nut
 Almost wrecked my car this morning dodging some loose carpet rolls lying in the road.... fucking carpet rolls.
 Yeah because girls know they're holding all the cards.
" There's no shortage of dicks, but girls are limited and in high demand"
 Lol. PC Jim
 Yeah I should've clarified my initial statement. Girls are holding all the cards on okc. Okc interface doesn't have a send picture option. Need to get the digits before you can start sending dick Rembrandts.
 Ah yes vivid description. Much like the legendary blood ninja.
 👻🎂
 🚹🐎😵
" Nice, just got told by a member to go have a stroke. Should have responded with no I'm probably gonna meet my demise in some carpet related accident."
 Member of one of the pharmacy benefit plans
 Kinda had to lay down some bad news on the member
 Had to deny a needa need for a stroke patient. But the wasn't related to testing the stroke itself. More like the patient had some nerve issues post stroke. The need could possible be used for those nerve problems but in accordance to gov regs there's not enough support. So I had to deny.
" Insurance is not making people eat alpo, but more like preventing people from frivolously using meds (especially expensive shit) and making everyone else attached to the plan eat alpo."
" Jeez, Morty, you got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset."
 Had a discussion about how the office would go about letting someone go and the upcoming security preparations. Assessing the risk that said employee would go postal.
 Hope y'all say some ridiculous shit on the 6 o'clock news. Like 'Dave... He had a big heart and really cared about people. But boy was he a chronic masturbator and into that strokey chokey shit'
" Nice. And there's a built in rack that says 'bitch, I do outdoors activities.'"
" You should put rack your bike on the back, attach a kayak to the roof, and slap a couple 26.2 and eat green/organic stickers on the truck."
 Then cruise around Cambridge playing folksy indie music to pick up baguettes
 What about mud flaps with that girl silhouette
 'She looked like the girl on the mud flaps' -Jimmy
" If you go trucknutz and mudflaps, you'd definitely need the Monster energy sticker. Maybe toss in the fox racing for good measure. But that's a whole different set of girls. Like girls that shot guns and maybe went to community college."
 Ah painting with broad strokes
 The Sneaky Butcher Shop.
 And that's the way the news goes
 They'd probably be calling you 'sprinkles.'
 Oh yeah... That
 Then again that whole perspective thing... Maybe they referred to us as the weird too.
 Remember we were so cool back in those days.
" Ah right, so many memories I've left in some dusty recess of my mind."
 Oh the places you'll go.......
 Jalapeño bacon Mac and cheese. Shit got fancy.
 #huskiesforever
 <Media omitted>
" Oh man, I listened to the com truise remix to a tron soundtrack song. Made me remember the time I played it for some of y'all on a car ride back from buckland hills. There were virgin ear canals that couldn't handle the auditory penetration."
" Happy birthday, Alex!!! 28 damn."
" Well now that you own a snake, I don't need to hold back when I visit your place."
 Porcelain war crimes
 Haha. You could've also tried in some liqid plumber double penetration before investing in hardware.
" And Sean, my beard mentor, said I should post this to the chat. Advice on trimming?"
 <Media omitted>
" Sigh... The meeting I get left out of, there's free lunch and a bunch of hot vendors presenting. Meanwhile I'm holding down the daily work and eating the remnants from their breakfast."
 Well they're just gonna get the bare minimum from me today
 Wish one of y'all owned a dog (preferably a puppy). Need to up my tinder photo game.
 Or maybe a bunch of baby ducks
" At the shelter: 'Sir, You gonna adopt all these dogs' 'Nah, fuck that shit... just hurry up and take the photo for my tinder.'"
 Pretty store or a petting zoo woiuld be a good idea. Also what up with all the profiles with the 'better not be holding a fish' disclaimer
" And the girls with inspirational quotes in their description. For fucks sake, I'm not looking for office posters on tinder"
 Haha nice. They let you keep your old license? DMV took my old one when I renewed.
 I still try to tap B whenever the evolution alerts comes up in life.
 Kinda like pickachu refusing to evolve. But then Ash forces his way later in the show with a lightening stone suppository.
 Lol. That idiot degree... Money well spent.
 Also Jim thanks for the 5 min butt dial
 That moment when you realize you qualify for a 22 year old's 'looking for someone older' age range.
 Bitch lost her birth control. Bitch needs an override for lost birth control. Bitch says it's an emergency. Bitch needs to get creampied asap.
" Sorry, I'm manning the call center and clinical office by myself.  Wish I had a Meeseeks box right now or I'm about to reach Morty purge level"
 <Media omitted>
 I should slip a Waterbury magazine into the stack
 That awkward moment when your boss is talking to you and notices the dating app open on your phone.
 I think I'm reaching the sean puffy combs stage
 Looks like that guy did a business.
 Damn that's painful
 Thanks bad friends!
" And looking back at 8 years ago us, there such a vast difference in life goals and beards."
 <Media omitted>
" This is still better than the week I had suggestions for garage door openers, faucets, and lawn tools."
 The combined disappointment from house hunting and online dating is reaching a breaking point. About to say fuck it all and move to the woods or open a ladies footlocker.
" Nice, stacking them flurbos."
 Or do lines of collaxion crystal dust off a stripper's ass.
 She must love to laugh.
 Sounds so laid back and down to earth.
 My mom tells the realtor I'd have a hard time kicking out the current tenants to increase rent because I have a soft heart.
 I could see Butze hanging that to by his bed.
 Up*
 What happened to whole UConn is having budget issues thing?
 Good luck. That's how you should open up the interview too.
 An older dude just asked me what's the 'best way to remove hair from the genitals.' He brought his lady friend too.
 The guy wanted to rub hair removal cream on his balls. Smooth as eggs.
 Jesus. That's some inbetweeners shit right there.
 Wubba lubba dub dub!!!
" So today I had to google a letter format for some loan documents. Ended up finding info on a credit score forum. Normally, I see posts with flair like lists of prior phones on a smartphone group, computer specs for gaming, car upgrades, or other hobby/rl achievement stuff. On the credit forum, people listed credit scores as flair. It was kinda surreal. Always thought credit scores was something you keep to yourself."
 Is that the thesis you wrote in 24 hours?
" Time to let the cdm office know what's up. Go to work with no pants on. Be like, I'm number one on the citation charts. I do whatever I feel."
 AIDS!
 <Media omitted>
 That's just the tip of the iceberg for weird medical diagnosis codes. I guess this one is like a butthole Charlie horse.
 And it treated with meds that literally relax the ass.
 <Media omitted>
 Bummer dude. I guess the bright side is you won't have to pay San Francisco rents.
 Jesus. That's rough.
 Lol. All those Google perks and cafes can't hold a candle to that.
 Guess you should start your own company and make that internet money.
 We'll all eventually become what we used to hate.
 Watching food factory on TV. Noticed they play some ill trap beats during the slow-mo machine food porn scenes.
 Yeah super legit. Never thought Gorton's fish fillets were so ballin.
 Lately my targeted Google mail ads have changed from 'Single? Try Zoosk' to 'House hunting? Get pre-qualified with Wells Fargo.'
 targeted ads*
" I'm closing on a place on Dec 18th, so all my Google ads are all mortgage related. No more 'single guy who wants to attend Lincoln tech while driving ubers for $1500' a week ads."
" Yeah dunno if you'd wanna be in East Somerville just yet. It's up and coming, as my realtor says, 'they still speak Portuguese in the area.' And I'm receiving the place with some tenants. My living space is the trap house basement."
" For you, Alex, I'll make sure you get the 'I think I need to join a cloistered monastery' special."
 Lol
 Today I learned that I manage pharmacy benefits for T Boone Pickens.... Guy's not exactly a light weight.
 Everyone was like make sure an approval happens and what not. Don't wanna step on his toes because he probably rips orifices like a portal gun.
 <Media omitted>
 https://www.instagram.com/sirjoancornella/
 It's some weird ass shit.
 Pretty sure the middle photo is in a pornhub comment stock photo post.
 Haha
" Oh snap, is that from the local Vermont chainsaw bear carver dude?"
 Ooooo weee..looks like you found something special there.
 Holiday shopping makes me feel like dying.
" So I noticed on FB it's Pam's birthday. And she posted a photo with Noelle about how 8 years ago they packed 45 people in a dorm room. That was the Pam-palooza. Wow, that was a long time ago."
" That was also the same night Butze and I got rigety rigety wrecked, drew dicks on most of the 5th floor white boards, and watched swap.avi. So cool... We were so cool. Also I've never fully recovered from the swap trauma."
 Jezus. James mother fuckin Joyce loving that butt stuff.
 He got into all the subtleties of farting. Must've been a real fart connoisseur.
" Oh wow there's other videos/ letters. Damn, Jimmy Joyce you nasty."
 <Media omitted>
 Haha
 I told her it's from Rick and Morty. And she said her niece actually does animation for the show out in California.
" Lol, you programmers are a bunch of zany characters."
 Sounds like me.
 Left regular show on in the office lunch room... The little things.
 Whoa. I feel basic.
 <Media omitted>
 👍🏿👍🏿
 😮 wow
" Had to read that a few times. Dang, congrats to him."
 Shit I keep forgetting were all approaching 30. We started college in 2k6...Life
 We're*
 <Media omitted>
 We did personality tests for a team building exercise. Was all out objective thinker but totally bottomed out in the pessimist/aloof/reticent department. Basically I'll get the job done right but I gives zero fucks about team feelings lol.
 Is that a bmx bike with grinding pegs lol?
 Movement of stuff in and around the butthole.
" Details are a little hazy, but I had a dream where we got a bunch of strippers and had a deep philosophical conversation with them."
" And to answer your question, Alex, "
 <Media omitted>
 Lol yeah the color printer messed up on intake.
 Hells yes. I'll try not to disappear before midnight this year.
 #blessed moments
 I need bill burr to come in my office and demo stamps.com.
" For real, we keep running out of stamps and having to make runs to the post office."
 Prescribed calls are always hilarious when I have nurse coming through the headset on one ear and DMX playing in the other ear.
 Especially when the nurse gives me wrong info and DMX punctuates with 'you think this is a game!!!'
 Lol. Great description.
 Porn must look weird in that format
" When I see Christmas lights strung up in the neighborhood, I don't think about Christmas hogwash. Rather, I remember the time we spelled Prudence with lights and we were the cool kids... Good times."
" Like one of those blinking motion light setups, where a nutsack made of lights goes in and out of a butthole"
 Lol. No Christmas lights for the place. It's an ugly rear unit building. Strictly clear heels updates.
 Lol DMX.
 And I just noticed Aru's post. Hope she didn't read any other posts in the thread.
" Damn, just did my intro call to my tenant. The seriousness of this endeavor finally hit me. I feel like I should out on some real pants."
" I don't know about this 'successful adult' thing. All the stress, coffee, and fast-food/office Christmas dessert meals; really been taking a toll on my field goal percentage. Been Shaq-ing the porcelain."
 Nice. Where's that rock?
 Darth Sneaky Butcher?
 But haven't seen it yet. Heard it was good. Though I'm afraid I'm gonna be thinking about cabbage patch doll lunchboxes when kylo ren appears.
 Any film or show he appears in I just think cabbage patch whisperer.
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Yep that's where I'll be living. A mouth's a mouth.
 Three. The basement is an illegal 4th attached to unit 1
 Rubs and tizzugs
 Dang lost my photos when I changed phones. Was gonna drop the middle school photo of Sean captioned dem nippies.
 'Just dump and slow cook' That's my technique when I clog the toilet and avoid grabbing the plunger.
 Crockpots are great for making bachelor chow.
 Curious about Cathy's dump cakes
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 What's a classic neighborhood? Formerly impoverished and non-white?
 Yeah merry Christ. That emoji is def disturbing
 I guess it's a Christmas B and E featuring animated Sean
" Was gonna say it seems a little basic, but then again I just made a Pinterest."
 Is there one that says butt stuff?
 <Media omitted>
 Dang that Mr poopybutthole emoji looks like a cancer patient with liver failure.
 Marty McFly is fucked
 It's the point in human history when legs became vestigial appendages.
" I'll be coming up on the 31st as well. Although, Sean, do you want to carpool? I think I might be in Somerville to check on the house."
" The other day my cousin's kid got a new tablet and I was helping him set it up. The gmail stuff was easy, but then came the security part, Facebook, privacy and parental monitoring part. It then dawned on me just how woefully inept I'd be at raising a kid in the internet age. I have no idea how to keep a child safe from the horrors of the internet."
 Looks like someone can work with no pants.
 Hey man I never left the house I just needed a nap.
" Jim, sorry to hear about your grandma."
 <Media omitted>
 Email ads
 I'm leaving work at 6. Should be there a little before 9
 https://youtu.be/sS_cAAAhgPM
 <Media omitted>
 Sounds like a good idea. Linking it up with brewers and package stores would be key. Make it an avenue for promotion.
" Alex, how did the fermentation bucket look. Any bubbling or warmth coming off the bucket? Maybe some bread smell."
 Hmm. There might be some growth lag time before the yeast population explodes and they start putting up condos in the bucket.
 Unfortunately there's no thermometer on the bucket. A temperature rise would mean activity.
 The 'you gonna get DP'ed any goddamn way' clip just played in my head'
 I think my coworkers are struggling to grasp my 'you need to break some eggs to make an omelette' approach to healthcare. Sometimes there's outliers and you just gotta say fuck 'em. Don't got the resources to cater to every one.
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.untappdllc.app
" It could always be emulated and bested with good marketing. Maybe force your way in by taking a key metro area, ie Boston."
 <Media omitted>
" “I’m going to die someday,” the man whispers."
 The piano key one was good too.
 Remind me of this.
 <Media omitted>
" Alex, how's the beer bucket looking?"
" As I sit in traffic, I notice how absurd it is that each person lugs at least +3000 lb of empty car to and from work. There has to be a way to take advantage of all this wasted movement. Kinda like how red blood cells jostle around there circulatory network but act as carriers."
 Am I completely perverting this statement or does it really mean what I'm thinking.
 <Media omitted>
 I looked up the minivan on urban dictionary. I guess I over-perverted the definition. It involves hands. Not an insane gang bang scenario.
 Fucked up minds think alike
 2chainz
 Mathbonus is really good for working to too
 Homeownership is like having a small child. So many things to pay for. I guess the object of life is to make a ton of money so you can just pay to fix the house and raise your kids.
 Pay people*
 <Media omitted>
 But seriously I just roughed it on a tarp. Would not recommend.
 I take it as penance. I may be stuffing some poor students in the basement.
 My realtor found me two business students looking for accommodations on the cheap.
" Alex, is the homebrew bucket healthy and fermenting?"
 Oooo weee everyone's brewing
 I'm looking at the various versions of turbotax and all I can think of is the making the band. 'You just gonna do your taxes right now. Is that hot? Is that what's going down in the streets?'
 Lol
 Isn't that like corporate entry level.
 Or at least in pharma/pharma advertising
 Fresh fruit cocktail for management
 Makes me think of that HRO Carles article about buying clothes on entry level wage
 Haha
 After ten years everyone is avp
 A VP* not alien vs predator
 Buttstuff engineer
 That's why you need to start Mooradian Tech.
 And fluff up the company description
 What's that funky smell in the basement. Dead mice. #traphouseproblems
 Aw snap macaroni party
 I'm free in February except the 20th. So id be down to come up to vt
 Might be a good time to roast a turkey again too
 <Media omitted>
 I'm free the weekend of the 27-28th
 Unless I need to show a unit to renters
 <Media omitted>
 Complete opposite of the standing desk
 Just thought I'd bear grylls 'lay back and think of the mother land.....ughhh'
 Of*
 That incline might also the golden angle of optimal bowel evacuation.
 Be*
 Desk is probably best for a masturbatorium.
 <Media omitted>
 Haha. Sam and Frodo were quite the special buddies.
 <Media omitted>
 Those are some nice ass loafs
 Sneaky Baker?
 You should start making dark pump loafs.
 Bread of choice for the Hot Carl sandwich
 And today we have to call a priest to let him know his estrogen is denied....should be a good conversation.
 Lol nice
 <Media omitted>
 Here’s a song for you… The Ballad Of Martyn Bootyspoon by Sinjin Hawke
 Not sure I've shared this before but this is a hilarious transition track on the sinjin hawke album.
 Job listing 'Benefits: Great benefit package'
 This comes from an ad agency listing too.  Sounds like dental is optional.
 'Murica
 Well at least our work culture is still better than Asia.
" Had to deny an infirmed priest's medication. The facility took a while to pull the guy out of bed and into a wheel chair just to receive my call. All the while i was left on hold with choir/Gregorian chant music. Unfortunately the priest was no longer coherent, so i hastily said my bit about denials and ended the call. A most awkward experience to say the least."
" Haven't seen breaking bad yet so Im not sure how the show plays out. Wasn't it all about meth, Miami and money."
 Just bring Mr Poopybutthole.
 I think the plant has flowering potential.
 And that piece will be added to the existential decor in my cube.
 Sign I'm getting old: starting to really enjoy going to the home depot.
" At work I'm known for making sure cases are airtight and hands are clean for decisions. Apparently, the method has been holding up stuff for members/patients."
 I guess I'm this guy:   http://i.bittwiddlers.org/KHt.gif
 Nah I'm not deliberately delaying approvals. Just making sure nothing can get flipped on me in an audit and as much liability as possible gets thrown on the prescriber.
 Healthcare is a rough place gotta keep a tight butthole.
 That's a fine looking loaf you got that. Should open a bakery. Lots of nice retail spaces vacating in East Somerville and hurting for some young gentrifiers to bring 'hip' to the neighborhood.
 There*
 Unfortunately I won't be in cousin this weekend. Carpet store stuff and dates.
 Boston*
 Haha life
 Had a dream last night and all of you were in it. Alex had his graduation party at Chuckie Cheese. Fun times.
 An entire afternoon at Blips and Chitz!!!!!
 When i see the the security question: what is your all time favorite pastime?  I want to answer: Marathon wanking in the masturbatorium. Probably make a good conversation starter when a customer rep needs to confirm my identity.
" Awesome. I'm not a Luddite, so I'm OK with the whole robots and AI replacing humanity thing."
 And when the robot was knocked down I thought about keyboard kid 'g g g get up mom.'
 #robotlivesmatter
 <Media omitted>
 Matter of context.
 But it's pretty benign and commonly used
 Should be alright. Not like the model is named rail and bail
 Oh yeah there's the the prejac definition too.
 Is that what the transportation engineering industry is all about?
 Living life in the fast lane
 Or hov lane
 Please name a model dog washing and have it published in a renown textbook.
 You'll be on the cover of Time. James Mooradian eliminates all traffic by dog washing.
" I think I can, depends on the house"
 So I'm planting hops rhizomes in the spring. Should have a shit load of hops mid summer. Anybody want to play around with some next level brewing?
 Oh are you moving out of the Boston area?
 Should I bring my turkey up to vt next week. If so I'll start the defrosting process.
 Aw shit the Sneaky Baker bringing loafs
" Left a generic hipaa privacy compliant message on an answering machine. Patient's wife calls back asking what was approved. Per privacy regs we can't say which med, but they can asked if a med is approved. She asks about her husband's cialis. We tell her yes it's approved. She's extremely happy. That's my job. I restore the dick supply in old couple's marriages."
 Haha gross
 I think I'm the only person in the office that's totally amped that my denial case is going before a judge. First in company history.
 Got excited for a second. Thought Jim was dropping another office track
 Uh oh. Just learned I can't have a beard and wear a standard respirator mask. Either gotta shave or drop a good amount of money on a Vader mask.
" Need to remove some tile work. Lots of fine particulate, likely lead paint."
 You know how you can get collagen to puff up lips. Now you can get injections right in the butt hole too. Got a loose butthole? No problem. A couple back door injections and you'll be holding back the chocolate river like that Dutch kid with his thumb. Must be a godsend for extreme anal open porn stars in their retirement years.
 Yeah I had to deny the butthole med today after doing extensive research.
 Thumbs up from Tony Eveready
 I got with until 5 Friday so ETA 8-830
 Work*
 I need to hike. Gotta do it so I don't feel like I'm full of shit when talk to dates.
 I*
 Is the kayaking place open?
 Ah OK. I could still give the road a shot. As long as there's no ice/snow. The tires are pretty decent for wet traction in moderately warm weather.
 Unless the road becoming a +6inch deep chocolate river?
 Side note: '6 inch deep chocolate river' probably could be a scat porn title.
" Power dumped, hitting the road now"
 Where should I park?
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Aw nice
 <Media omitted>
" Today I learned that after paying 26k in taxes, I don't have a $75 tax return but actual owe another 10k. The government just flipped the dick down on my wallet."
 Minecraft to run artificial intelligence experiments - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-35778288
" That's the part when you dump the ball of dough into the trash and remember that as time stretches out all human projects will dissolve and fail. The striving towards the pumpernickel bread must, in the end, be enough."
 Nice loafs
 And this https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-fallible-mind/201601/why-ted-cruz-s-facial-expression-makes-me-uneasy
 Hope my gluten free loafs come out that nice tomorrow.
 Yep some hands on bread making activities for a date. Artisan bread and chill.
 <Media omitted>
" Rasputin, not exactly a lightweight."
 So I guess I'm going to this girl's med school formal. Good thing I didn't follow through with the dates with the other girls in her program.
 <Media omitted>
 Keyword: 'Some'
 Although isn't the Memphis real estate market hot shit right now?
 <Media omitted>
 Oh shit that double dark pump
 I need to find a gluten free version of the dark pump.
" So I have an email specifically for house related things: correspondences with tenants, contractors, and bank stuff. Based on the ads for 50+ dating sites, I think Google has lumped me in to the middle age demographic."
 <Media omitted>
 The post-we kept it together for the kids demographic
 Yeah I'm not sure what's worse. Making divorce as easy as ordering pizza with phone sticks from grubhub or the fact that marketers have determined that divorce services are in demand among the middle age demographic.
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 And I just walked into this conversation like a child that wanders into the middle of a movie.
 Yep turning down my other acceptances was definitely the most financially sound decision I've made.
 Tonight I went to the med school formal with the girl I'm dating. I learned that my feelings for this girl are indistinguishable from my feelings for the house I bought. I'm too cold and dead on the inside to bring myself to care about the girls I meet. But I wear a solid good mask.
" Thanks for the support. Things have just been really stressful lately, which pulls me to a point where I just avoid emotions. That combined with social anxiety at the formal and being confused by the how carefree her peers seemed basically put me over the edge."
" I'm feeling a bit better now. Although, I'm pretty sure I've been making a poor effort at showing her any affection. And I was particularly detached/sullen Saturday night. We haven't talked since and I'm guessing she's disappointed."
" I''ve been thinking about going the honesty route. Although, I just got a splits text. So, I don't know."
" The 'too busy for a relationship, etc.' Though I know it's because of my emotional unavailability."
" When you spend over two decades learning to remove emotions and building around learning disorders, this is what happens. Works for my job, but completely detrimental for my social life."
" As we change topics, just want to say thanks y'all for being supportive. I'm think I've put this whole fiasco behind me and it's probably best that it's over. Lotta lessons learned and things to fix."
 End to end encryption just makes me think of ass tah ass from requiem for a dream.
 Nice dude. Wild yeast makes me think of this
 Wash it down with this https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/first-vaginal-beer-bottled-instinct#/story
 Smegma cakes next
 I'll be there late. Got work until 6 that day.
 Is squanching allowed at this party?
 <Media omitted>
 It's the zef.
 Enter the Ninja https://g.co/kgs/cJUZQ
 That's just the tip of the iceberg of their brand of weird.
 Stress dreams about a flooring disaster have replaced my 'missed exam in college' dreams
 Kinda miss the days when the only thing to worry about was exams
 Grass tastes bad
 https://youtu.be/MJw1vAiNjAg
 Looks like an am appy ad. And that's one scruffy beard.
 Lol nice
 They need a Wesley Pipes too
 And damn I can't imagine dropping $70 on pitcher of mixed drink.
" If they're using well, those are some serious margins."
 <Media omitted>
 Somerville used to be poor. It's reflected in the construction. There's a lot of wood scrap construction. The kitchen cabinets in the unit had pieces of a chair in it.
 Yep she's special.....
 Special needs
 <Media omitted>
 Oh yeah those are strains. Though it would be hilarious if I gave all of them names like Mr poopybutthole.
 Lol
" All these fancy names for paint colors. Maybe I should get into the paint name game. Autoerotic Asphyxiation Blue and Bukakke White sound like paints you'd wanna slather on your walls, right?"
 Just found a water supply pipe embedded within layers of floor I just had removed. Not gonna be one bit surprised if a dead body or two drops out the ceiling.
 Most likely stacks of dead mice.
 https://youtu.be/JCKf-bjokiM
 Plus there's also my place. The rentable unit is in good. Unless you want full authentic trap basement experience.
 I think I should be free Sunday. Just gotta buy paint at the home depot and load my car with reno waste.
 Saturday I'm working so I'll probably arrive just in time rocking some business casual.
 Although Sean can I crash at your place? I'll be on the tarp game again.
 Well with a sleeping bag.
 Here’s an artist I want to share with you… Hazy Mountains 
" Sean, I'll probably be arriving a little before 8 on Saturday. Should come to your place and drop my stuff off or head straight to the party?"
 OK. I only have a visitor pass for my area. Car still registered in CT. Although it's Saturday at 8 so I should be able to street park at your place overnight. They don't check parking on Sundays.
" I guess I could drop off my stuff off at your place, then park at Otis, uber over to the party."
 BTW y'all should let Hazy Mountains slide into your ears and tickle your brain balls.
" Just got this month's Somerville newsletter. Green energy, volunteer planting in green spaces, bike days, and plastic bag ban proposal...... Shit this place just went full retard."
 Just accidentally wiped my phone. What did i miss here?
" happy birthday, Sean"
 Dang I lost all those sweet pics from our last vt trip.
 The newer tracks have the modern age 80s sound mixed with chill waves. Saxophone
 Gonna be seeing the truise live again in New haven may 12.
 Just left work. Key at your place Sean?
 Just got to your place
 Ah thanks for snapping a photo of me asleep.
 Just learned some people are planning to leave the office in 2 months. Shit is guaranteed to fall apart. I think my office just reached the same level of bad as Jim's office.
 Bad news bears when I'm pulling a mortgage.
 I foresee a summer of 3p's
 read a few and yep this is definitely my bucket of tea.
 <Media omitted>
 awww that baking stone is asking for a double dark pump.
 a baguette's a baguette even if it's soft.
 <Media omitted>
 quick glance I thought those were shots from the Sims.
 Could totally up our turkey game
 like an apple pie from scratch?
 or create the universe
 I still think we should start an artisan bread/urban garden for the homeless type charity.
 help the homeless and build a personal brand that makes the local baguettes moist.... win win
 Also i like the word 'moist.' There just something about its connotations and pronunciation. Or it's the coffee and sudafed playing drums in my head.
 <Media omitted>
 Wow. I still have a MySpace page sitting around from back in the day. I'll think I have the security settings at 11. Probably get rid of it when if I run for public office.
 And speaking of old stuff. We all graduated high school 10 years ago. Let that sink in for a moment.
" I wonder what 17 year old me thought he'd himself doing in 10 years. Probably some do good, hope filled shit."
 27 year old Dave still wants to be an astronaut and chill with HAL 9000.
 Scientists make 'second skin' to hide wrinkles - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-36245728
 I foresee some 'on our wedding night she reached back and peeled off her face' situations
 Imagine no injections. Just a quick spray and you got balls as smooth as eggs.
 Haha. It's the James for me as well.
 it'd make a sweet t shirt
 or start a gym franchise called James.
 <Media omitted>
 TSA
 Yeah that sushi was goofed the moment he picked up the smoked salmon package at the store. Metaphor for the guy's life being messed up from the moment of his conception.
 Can the Pope's dick fit through a donut?
" Is there any particular dress code, like jncos and korn t shirts only?"
 http://mathbonus.bandcamp.com/album/were-drowning-3
 Was waiting for this to drop all day. This one's gonna be a real brain balls tickler.
 And some prolapsed speakers
 BTW what does that AF 100 emoticon thing mean?
 <Media omitted>
 I wish it was vinyl. The hardwood boxes are just heavy and unweidly.
 ah now I understand those young girls' tinder profiles
 Yeah the hardwood should help with the listing.
" Also, never knew there were so many baguettes that shop at home depot Somerville."
 Maybe I should be a plumber up here snake some drains and flush some pipes
" Saw a rotund white girl in yoga pants jogging in East Somerville. She's like the physical manifestation of my dreams for this area. Keep jogging East Somerville, get that figure slim and gentrified."
 <Media omitted>
 Probably has a peg on his head for switching between hair and football helmet.
 Ah she speaks disparagingly about 'bros and bro-dettes' and their associated activities... I'm smitten.
 Should be Saturday.
 https://youtu.be/BfIjIVLmhAI
 I got a note card too. Really cool personal touch. Got the physical copy too. Been working on loading the 6 CD changer with nothing but brain ball fondlers.
 Can't stop laughing at these
 They're so simple but so funny.
 Amurica Runn No Dundun
 Porchfest seems pretty legit. Does The Living Sleep wanna drop some dope live tunes at an Otis St easement? lol
 I have work until 6 Sat. As of now it looks like I'm rescheduling my date so I should be in the area by 830
" http://getremix.com Just saw this on the interwebs, not sure if it's applicable to Jim"
 it'll be 5-? when the get wet girls show up.
 Dayum congrats
" that's the travel company sans-Shatner, right?"
 ah didn't know the priceline negotiator copped kayak.
 i think we need to have a full blown dudes night out on Sat.... which at our age means before 12
 Chappelle Show: Dudes Night Out http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/805c5a535b/chappelle-show-dudes-night-out?_ccid=b877d23d-888a-4570-b3b6-0f966299a395&_cc=__mbbw
 <Media omitted>
 http://iantaggart.bandcamp.com/album/but-he-who-causes-the-darkness
 some brain ball ticklers for y'all.
 <Media omitted>
 Y'all up to anything for memorial weekend? Got served some Pillsbury flaky pastries so I'm up to a whole lotta nothing.
 Well I guess I'll be solo baking loafs.
 not a euphemism... literally lonely bread baking.
 yeah I'd be down to do something in the afternoon like a New Haven adventure.
 <Media omitted>
 and Jim bar sounds like a good idea as long as it's not backroom hidden dance club bar
 that 5 minute quick loaf
 pinchin' loafs would make a good bakery name. Or maybe Valsalva's
 White bread for now. Slowly easing my way back into bread making. Crust came out nice. Shame I messed up the amount of salt.
 Looks like it could've been a indie music video like the one from foals.
 <Media omitted>
 Life's ain't easy in the Valley. And those town's folk wonder why they always find you passed out in weird places.
 http://www.dezeen.com/2016/03/28/nils-holger-moormann-design-minimal-interior-volkswagen-t6-custom-bus/#disqus_thread
 Should try to deck out the rav4 like this dude's van. Maybe hands paint the word 'Grape' on the side too.
 Pretty much my dream hustle wagon if I could confirm there's an onboard shower
 Nice. Looks really idyllic. Good thing the photos don't capture things like BO and swamp ass.
 And wiping. Looking at some fertile ground for dingleberries. Now that you bring up the bathroom situation. I don't think I could part ways with modern plumbing. I think I'll settle for minimalist living in a small city space.
" I might be the Kobe of taking dumps, but Kobe misses shot too. And that's when running water is needed."
 or shipping container
 There was a time when families were all packed into one small cabin bed. And somehow the mother was always cranking out more farmhands.
" Saw a spread of free food in the break room, thought no one was around, exclaimed'Oooo weeee' like Mr. PB......VP of finance is standing right behind me"
" haha or it becomes a 'Dave now works at the local gas station, he makes $8.50 an hour, he goes home smelling of gasoline.... when keeping it real goes wrong.'"
 Mr PB is a long time family friend lol. There was just some awkward small talk in the break room. Um what are ass gaskets? Sounds buttstuff-esq. And they come out of a dispenser?
 OK Google searched. never knew the covers were called gaskets.
 Same. Especially with Alex working in a mech e lab.
 ah the junction between ass and bowl
 but that's pretty nasty that the guy was putting the gaskets back in the box. Was he just stuffing them back in or neatly slipping them back in with Hershey stains and all?
 And that's one reason to air dump to
 too*
 Lol. Curious how did your building find out it it was him?  Was there a memo go around about dookie butter on toilet covers?
 shit on Debra's desk... like a boss
 that came to mind in terms is office turd offences
 of*
 Poop stories are always a riot. The office is probably wondering why I'm laughing in my cube.
 Notice my town is covered in signs about parents getting charged if underage kids are caught drinking in the house. Must be that time of year when parents are on vacation and kids throw the classic high school banger.
 I think it could use a wall of brown note hitting sub boxes.
 When are you leaving for your walkabout?
" Huh, just learned that the good ole bertuckies pizza place originated from Somerville. Also marshmallow fluff too."
 Never do back to the carpet store
 go*
 <Media omitted>
" Despite all the hipster/yuppie shit associated with cold brew, I think there's more caffeine. Apparently I'm supposed to dilute it but drinking it straight gives the ole brain balls a nice rubbing."
 Shaq regular
 <Media omitted>
 33 yo data scientist. I guess if the date doesn't pan out I could at least get job leads for Jim.
 <Media omitted>
 So I guess I was supposed to help organize my high school class reunion..... whoops
 When I encounter a biscotti I don't get the urge to revisit the James. It's more like damn I need to read some books and switch on the NPR.
" Alex, or maybe Jim, do you know any nice cheap food places in Madison? Need to ford river there."
" Nice, flipped through the menu. Seems pretty reasonable. #mungojerry"
 <Media omitted>
" It's an ad for Xiaflex, injection for fixing boomerang dick. The faces are just priceless."
 Twas '07 when I decided to type the words irepress into the DC++. Downloaded this Samus Octology album from a user named sneakybutcher. The brain balls have never been the same. #gettingold #greyveilslowlydescending #whatislife #whatisbestinlife #conan #cheezits #thatreferencemightbeobscure #usinghashtagstotellstreamofconsciousnarrative #toomuchcoffee
 Here’s an album for you… Samus Octology by Irepress
 not sure where they're going with this ad.
 <Media omitted>
 log jamming?
" Damn, Microsoft is pretty harsh with the error notifications."
 It's pretty mind boggling how many dating profiles sound the same. 'Love to laugh' ect.  Starting to wonder is there a template for their profiles or is there just a horde of cookie cutter basic girls?
 But that would still mean the vast majority of girls still think similarly. Maybe everyone strives toward creating a benign sounding profile that shit just converges toward the same phrases and diction.
 wwbhwd
 But I guess for girls on online dating sites it's not necessary to have niche appeal when they'll still receive a bunch of messages/likes/swipes. More important for guys though.
 lol
" off topic from dating, but Sean, are you still using the 5 minute artisan recipe for your breads or are you on some next level knead formulas."
 Ah. Any recipe suggestions for a solid intermediate bake?
 looks like you're about to chop some trees.
" Oooo weeee if the economy sours with the brexit and our jobs are unscathed, might be a nice time to buddy up and make property investments. Sphincter to asset acquisition might getting a little looser."
 of course property values usually take longer to dip in a crisis. need sustained bad times
" toll roads... got that rib sandwich on lock, you gots to come through me"
 yeah definitely feel a bit for depressed to when I see Sean's pics. Makes me wanna get a tiny house and take Roy off the grid.
 too*
 The carpet store only gets comfy when you reach for off white Persians
 But for real I've been looking into tiny living options. Really want to amass a variety of tiny places in different locations.
 <Media omitted>
 Still modern plumbing. Running water is the shit.
 that whole foods bag
 so auth
 what type of loaf is it?
 ah classic white balls.
 and that pic looks like it could on the cover of a book.
 Just a Breeze Bread by the Sneaky Baker
 with foreword written by Tony Eveready
 Idaho is a pretty sweet place minus the sketchy conservative area in the north. Think the state is usually associated with living off the grid or preferred locale for laying low.
 yeah the spuds too
 ah Luddite one of my fave pejoratives
 I've thought of mortgaging a set of prefab tiny houses in a vacation type area ie Ludlow and renting then out
 though vacation rentals is a fickle business especially with climate change.
 And I think I need to take a gander at that rosebud house lol
" ole fashion primary living space is the safest bet. Seen some tiny house community concepts, but they resemble trailer parks. But trailer parks aren't they the o"
 OG tiny houses. Just associated with being poor.
 So it's rebranded for the progressive folks.
" kinda like peasant loafs, uncovered brick walls and loose hanging Edison bulbs"
" Yeah the whole internet cottage industry, handmade, local grown is what the majority of people did back in the day.... well minus the internet part"
 I've been searching for this NPR segment about local grown stuff and how it doesn't solve any world problems. It's the most inefficient easy to make crops to supply an ever growing population.
 Basically we're taking steps backwards to be cool when society has reached a point where we can't be dicking around with small scale personal pizza shit
 Welp remember those beers I've have y'all.... it's gonna cost you lol
" yeah if you factor in the oven, the building the oven is in and other normally overlooked costs it'd definitely come out to at least $100"
 I like making things but I like making things in mass. Probably why I enjoy how it's made and plumbuses
 I guess I guess I'd everything was super lickety split efficient works would be very Soviet and cog life.
 if*
" For me balance would be society delegating resources to provide guaranteed proper resources water, basis food and shelter in the most efficient, industrial way possible.... establishing a baseline. Then amassing more or seeking creativity, personal growth is dicking around you can do on your own accord"
 it's all motivated by self preservation.  I fear the proletariat as Marx calls them. It's programmed into my family history.
 wish I could figure out a way to nip the whole class struggle problem in the bud before it gets out of hand
 That's one hell of an analogy... wow
 as long as those bronchioles aren't asthmatic and deliberately limiting airflow
 Intestinal flora is like an island with some shared species with the people in your area (basis of the poop transplant). Go to another place and you got totally different species. Those new bacteria in the gut are like north American field mice making it to Australia... buffet.
 <Media omitted>
 that's an example of when plug and chug with Google translate goes wrong.
 also super entertaining to go to an Asian market and read translations on packages
 is that a sock or hat
 View is on the break room TV again. Not sure if I can buy into the stuff spouting out of these daytime talkshow folks. Clearly biased because Ja Rule is noticeably absent from the discussion. #jaruleforscotusjustice
 and Sean awesome you made it to the west cost
 coast*. Are you looping down the ca and venturing into the south next?
 nice. are hitting up Yellowstone and the grand titons?
 manbearpig
 <Media omitted>
 yep got some dark quartz tops coming in and a subway tile splash. The 22s of reno.
 <Media omitted>
 I think I'm about to bump heads with upper management. Called them out for leaving our technicians out of a software selection process with office wide implications.
 DMX
 Yeah it's about to turn in to that. Actually pretty pissed I'm left with the holding down clinical stuff with the techs while the rest of the office is meeting with the vendor.
 Fuck I'm about to straight lead a revolt.
 up*
 I'm more concerned about the techs they get paid a lot less but hold down a shot ton
 shit* of important work. Struggling here to bring balance to the workplace.
 And yeah that scene from Rick and Morty sums it up.
 If any of y'all ever start companies don't forget take into account all the folks that work with you... janitorial staff too. Guess this is what I picked up from Costco and historical or personal observation. Better long term gains.
 <Media omitted>
 Damn. Think I got go break out the flour and pinch out some loafs.
 Makes me think of the Tralfamadorians and Billy Pilgrim.
 Oooo weeee
 Murica
 We're having an office culture discussion. Figuring out people stuff and activities is difficult. Feels like planning a high school pep rally.
" I like the concept of a team, but the the micro bits are to APM intensive."
 Now I don't feel so bad hopping on this poke bandwagon.
" Also word on the street, chicks love diglett pics"
 started zooming into tree line that was creepy.
 i think that photo is poster worthy.
 oh shit someone got fancy
 think I'm gonna pick up a different niche cooking activity.... maybe pickling
 then we can open an artisan goods shop in some gentrified area
 get some San serif font packaging
 should plan on labor days
 ass burgers?
 lol ref to the south park shit episode
 haha...peeeedo
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 'wandering into a dangerous situation'... Good thing the rough parts of Somerville are almost nonexistent now. Won't get people trying to snag a Pikachu in the hood.
 http://www.curbed.com/2016/7/14/12125466/strip-clubs-gentrification-atlanta-magic-city
 meth
 First time I saw the marked safe feature on Facebook used. I guess it's the next evolution of social media towards more meaningful purposes.
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Time to start cheesing and putting our beards to good use.
 the beauty of fermented/preserved foods is their increased shelf life. Though at the expense of longer/riskier lead time.
 or you could always repack someone else's bulk generic product into smaller nicely labeled portions. And float the price increase on our beards and membership in the millennial age group.
" Had to call up a guy after denying his wife's medications. Was unhappy he had to pick up an OTC made in Japan. Guy went on a nativist rant about immigrants receiving free benefits and what not. My mind drifted off to thoughts of similar people in a mass, current and past upwellings of populism and the consequences.... not surprised by his sentiments but it left me with a sinking feeling regarding humanity."
 amazing referring to backpacking or releasing the chocolate dragon in the woods?
 https://youtu.be/zM1P0oc2-es
 ref.
" Jim, is that feasibility study for CT mileage tax something you'll be doing?"
 ah. so there won't be reports with a picture of you giving a double thumbs up.
 that's how I imagine your feasibility reports ending for clients
 Always thought the wacarnolds rib sandwich toll strategy would be best. Mileage tax just seems about as annoying as old school electric/gas meter reads.
 right. long distance heavy commuters would be hit the hardest.
 so then you should change your Altima to a Hummer
 yeah those no booth tolls on mass Pike are pretty sweet. Alternatives like CT fast trak? Seems like a good amount of people actually use it.
 that's quite the walkabout.
 Banff...what a name... and that lake
 And Pokemon in Somerville.... holy shit. It's just like firing up okc/bumble around here.
 <Media omitted>
" Cross promotion with a little a sprinkle of 0.5℅ discount on Wells Fargo loans for prime members. But either with the high fixed rate loan or the variable rate.... shit, it's playing just the tip."
 https://youtu.be/GoWblwKdeHg
 Amazon lubing deals made me think of this old clip.
 Banff lake right?
 Nice. Must be some serious copper in the water.
 <Media omitted>
 I'm on call that weekend and I'll be in Somerville for some final clean up with for the rental.
 Also I saw the Cascade brick your dad posted on fb. Wish my poopy butthole hops plants made that much hops flowers. Is he making an IPA?
 <Media omitted>
 Started reading the issue. Interesting to get the farmers perspective on food and their struggles.
 nothing really niche. It's not really an ad driven magazine. Looks like it's funded by various Canadian agricultural commission
 so that technique works with pubes too right. Remember 'the hobbit' from urban dictionary.
 wouldnt hair underwear be the most uncomfortable thing ever
 almost like a 19th century anti masturbation device
 but hair naturally grows away from the body. Hair underwear would be like scrubbing your junk with a bristle brush.
 well I hope we all don't get pube sweaters from you for Christmas
 Was looking at Crock-Pots. There's Wi-Fi linked ones that can be controlled remotely. They just made the laziest cooking method even lazier.
 <Media omitted>
 haha
" Forget wifi, I personally prefer devices with Meeseeks compatibility."
 <Media omitted>
" Everyday I look out the kitchen window and the same bird squats over the deck rail and drops a deuce. Sometimes I start tapping on the window to scare it off. Instead of flying away, the bird turns it's head, stares me down, and proceeds to squeeze one out. This morning the 6 droppings formed an evenly spaced line in the rail. I'm getting trolled by nature."
 on*
 can I borrow your stray cat?
 ah bummer. Should've took it home with you after buying it dinner.
" true. Cat probably would've gone to town on your apartment. Could always take it to work as a 'therapy animal', let it loose on clients you don't like."
 Or enhance presentations with a cat
 yeah like a roomba
" If that system existed, I drop a cat or two in my Somerville basement"
 Feed and Go Smart Pet Feeder with Webcam & Wi-Fi https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00UNQZ2QI/ref=cm_sw_r_wa_apa_APqMxbCVNQFFG
 yep I guess they do exist.
 lol yeah. It would probably think it's owner is a electronic Tupperware box.
 man serves the machine that serves the cat
 some ex machina -esq shit
 Pets left hungry as smart feeder breaks - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-36912992
 all that talk about auto pet feeders and this article hits the news today.
 http://motherboard.vice.com/read/what-computers-dream-of-when-they-look-at-porn-nsfw?utm_source=vicefbanz&utm_campaign=global
 I forgot how disturbing these are.
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 http://ny.curbed.com/2016/8/1/12342638/bedford-avenue-williamsburg-brooklyn-gentrification
 when indie niche evolves into upscale cookie cutter. Jim probably gets to see this firsthand.
 Most likely running at a loss. They'll get replaced by upscale chain. The non well heeled artsy folk and hipsters will then flock to the next cheap area.
" Word on the street is Bronx is next. Large number of permits being issued in some areas... not sure how long this growth will sustain though... like yeast in bread, there's a limit to the number of CO2 bubble condos."
 it's already happening in Queens
 Bronx lofts by historic Fat Joe residence.
" As Juvenile's hit song played in my head this morning, I thought to myself: The edited version with the chorus 'Back that thang up' would be perfect for a cloud based backup service commercial."
 <Media omitted>
" Sean if you can cop an 8 track recorder or laser disc press at a flea market, you could drop a TLS release on some uber limited release. Make a name on the music blogs."
" laser disc is for vids though, so you could just set images of your junk to music... There's probably only 2 people on earth who can play it anyways."
 yeah those formats are garbage anyways. Need to step it up to the real OG shit
 http://www.vulcanrecords.com/custom-work/
 Dem Edison spinners
 Definitely need one of these bad boys installed in the trunk with a massive acoustic horn
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 dat gucci mane grinder
 <Media omitted>
 http://www.citylab.com/work/2016/08/why-it-sucks-to-play-pokemon-go-if-youre-poor/494765/?utm_source=nl__link3_080816
" Gotta get the beats right, like Detox"
 <Media omitted>
 etc*
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 some snazzy lens with too on a broom closet
" West village, renting for 2500 schmeckles"
 yeah seemed about right. places start due that in the city
 at*
 I don't know how anyone could live in Manhattan without making minimally 100k and eating ez-mac or splitting a broom closet studio with a roomie.
 Boston : anal : : NYC : 3P
 ?
" btw labor day is still on right? Because if it is, Sean, I may need your help with picking up some freshly choked out chickens in Cambridge."
 ooh nice. And Jim do you still have that bacon wrapped pineapple jammed in a chicken's ass recipe?
 <Media omitted>
 'Backdoor Baguettes'....YouTube bread baking channel. Tons of closeup shots of the dough and hype man interjections.
 https://open.spotify.com/album/1v2Hyrmxi8b9CqcI2sHkIF
 some garage door uplifting tunes for y'all.
 as opposed to say mathbonus who's stuff is in the tub drowner side of the electronic music spectrum.
 <Media omitted>
 Oooo weeee
 per usual I'll be showing up with a bulge of meats
 trying to find a fresh choked heirloom pig from a local farm
" We do need a pig, right? I'm assuming a suckling pig should have a large enough cavity for a pineapple."
 Well looks like the Berkshire strain of baby pigs are not available at the nearby farm. Only got some lean strain piglets. Good news for them because I won't have to make eye with their eater.
 But I can still pick up some OG strain back ribs and loin chops from local meat dealer.
 haha
 trying not to burst out laughing in the office
 Sean Paul
 There's also a noticeable lack of laser beams in the background of what appears to be a school portrait used on the ID.
 also 50 cent's in da club just started playing in my head
 <Media omitted>
 'meat wish list' lol
 I'm cool with that as well
 I think I don't think I have to work that day but I could def carpool if you want to do that
 oh then no need to dial back the meat
 my bread baking skills are not up to snuff.
 pinching loaves
 that's the type of loaves I'll be making with the amount of food we're consuming
 There's a police presence at Costco because a group of protestors plan on wearing hazmat suits and dumping blood on themselves in the meat section
 Monteith Sneak... all the way up in yo ass via student loans
 waiting for Tony Eveready to donate big to the school and rename the building
 Those kids will never know about skeletons closet
 kinda like gentrification of dorms
 I wonder if there plans to update the alumni dorms
 blow down since walls so there's open concept dorm living where everyone can see you wamk it
 wank*
 they probably also need a shitty dorm to dump honors kids... Butts toured the facility if I remember correctly
 They've improved the place so much that I might be fooled into sending my spawn there in the future.
 Having an existential crisis. Who wants pheasant and rack of lamb along with OG oinks?
 I'm buying meat because of said crisis. Sometimes life makes you want to you buy a serious meat spread. Because life.
 A family friend was recently murdered. So I've been lost in thoughts about the Sisyphean struggle of life. I'm glad we're all still alive.
 Ah sorry for dropping a real bummer into the chat. But definitely looking forward to this weekend and some good times.
" Current my meat list: 2 Berkshire pig back rib racks, 2 pheasants (maybe 3, they're smallish birds), large slab of Berkshire pork butt. May end up be subbing with Angus/dry aged steaks or fresh chickens or whatever distracts me at the meatman shop"
 good idea it'll be like dunking a beach ball after these meals
 yep that's the plan... maybe pulled pork pizza
 yeah pheasant not to sure. might just opt for fresh chicken's
 2 of them and try different styles
 we're gonna need some high quality BBQ sauce. Dunno if I should pick up a Costco jug of sweet baby rays
 haha
 or if someone has some artisanal smash your grandma BBQ sauce
 smack*
" Jim, do you want to carpool up to vt?"
 I'm out of work 5 on Friday
 oh now I got the acronym
 haha nice
 what's the head count? so I can determine how to scale the meat pick up
 Bummer dude. it'll be a dudes night out
 <Media omitted>
 trip down memory lane
 http://tinyhousetalk.com/adventurous-couples-diy-school-bus-motorhome/
 magic school bus
 Though I'm still more inclined towards fixed house living (modern plumbing) and to do something like this
 https://valhallamovement.com/learn-how-this-family-grows-6000-lbs-of-food-on-just-110th-acre/
 never go back to the carpet store
 Gotta make my dating profile feel legitimate
 Though I get the feeling the need may be ending soon.
 😎
 Does the Pope's dick fit through a donut hole?
 btw Sean how's that new Priceline negotiator job going.
" Ah. Well if the Shatner wants you to watch him negotiate a wank, don't break eye contact."
 <Media omitted>
" just picked up some serious meats from Meatman: 2 racks of baby back ribs, pork shoulder and 2 chickens."
 <Media omitted>
 Just a pic from the local farm. Unfortunately I didn't get to look the pig on the eyes. But it's one of these types of oinkers
 pretty sure if I got to know the pig personally... we'd be eating vegetables and I'd have a pet pig in my backyard.
 so Jim should head down to your place after work? ETA 530
" Jim, how are we doing this carpool thing....Need to know... like Marc Anthony"
 Gonna be late to new Haven. Got a weird case to wrap up before I leave work
 damn we really gonna flip the dick down this weekend
 I'm guessing eta 6 depending on traffic
 <Media omitted>
 no need to keep track....it's just a breeze
 btw everyone Chris is getting married today..... meditate in that.....
 British mapmaker highlights rudest places in Australia - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-australia-37283790
 <Media omitted>
" And I'm back.  New phone, other one shit the bucket last night."
 All my VT pics are forever encrypted 🙁. Just got the memories.
 Nice staff pic. Too bad they didn't add the 'backend developer' bit. Would work well with your sneaky butcher/Baker moniker.
 Yeah this is a case of when technology doesn't win.
 3 loafs at the same damn time
" Everytime I see that movie poster, I hear the south park shit movie narrations."
 <Media omitted>
 Dem holes
" Dude you should totally open a bakery....fluff up the brand via social media, hire cheap the labor, rapidly expand to multiple locations, go public, pump the stocks, and cash out before the business becomes a fiery wreck....you know that simple artisan dream."
" Gotta make it cash only.  Maybe entirely internet based bread order/delivery.  Forgo store front, so you can avoid paying for desirable location."
 Wow. Shipping costs must be high. Bread has extremely low shelf life.
" Never tried it, but I wonder if vacuum bagging bread increases shelf life"
 Then again it's a moisture issue. Maybe plan and freeze months of 80% cooked loafs. Then finish them before each shipment. It's 'fresh'
 http://qz.com/571151/the-mast-brothers-fooled-the-world-into-buying-crappy-hipster-chocolate-for-10-a-bar/
 Just remember that thick beard of yours helps cover up artisanal corner cuts.
" Hmm...I guess you could sell frozen half baked loafs with cooking instructions. Then the buyer just needs to complete the baking process for fresh homemade artisan bread. It'll be like is that delivery or Digiorno? Nah, the Sneaky Baker be giving your wife baguettes and boules while you're at work."
 Ain't nothing sketchy about compromising your art so you can improve the reliability of your supply and make mo money.
 It would be difficult to find the right point to stop baking and flash freeze. Like a sweet spot that preserves moisture and structure.
 There can only be one...
 But do they jack you of after you pay for gas?
 Off*
 RI seafood festival for permits for the keystone XL pipeline.
 Date
 'I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry'... Makes me think of Bear Grylls vs waterfall.
 Ah like cold brew oat meal. Also overnight oats sounds like an urban dictionary words.
 'I brought Jane home and served her a bowl of the ole overnight oats'
 Were those dry blueberries or fresh? There's a pretty strong blue hue in the milk.
 Ah. Frozen is probably better. More flavors/sugars come out from ruptured berries. Fresh ones would probably need to be muddled a bit.
 Umm.. Well I just made a cup of watery tea with complimentary break room supplies while staring at the floor and pondering my purpose in life. #notinternetmoneyoffice
 <Media omitted>
 Btw Sean have you hiked purgatory chasm in Sutton?
 Probably a good place to record a black metal album/music video
 But I gotta map a trail there. Don't wanna embarrass myself and have to permanently live in the woods.
 Yeah it doesn't look bad.
 Ain't no ascutney
 Yep
 What do you do with all the loafs you bake? Seems like you're cranking out at least 1 daily.
 Sneaky Baker stashing bread everywhere
" If there's a full blown kitchen at your work place, you should bake loafs while coding in the backend."
 I wanna cram those crevices full of butter and jam.
 Hahahaha
 Also like how your Instagram highlights the fact that you're 'murican
 Just a B Reese.
 She's offering her extra mattress to help furnish my Somerville room.... I'll take that as a good sign.
 Ah the Varidesk. Been thinking about getting one too. But they don't have one that can hold 3 monitors. Plus it's harder to itch my balls in the standing position with the low cube walls.
 Yeah but it's not as awesome as it sounds. Mostly need 3 screens because our software isn't efficients and isn't consolidated. Screens are also relatively small 16 inches... But still takes up a large footprint
 Also Nice keyboard too... How's it working so far?
 <Media omitted>
 Might want to invest in some Pbt keycaps too. They wear better than the stock abs plastic.
 And there's mice fuckin in the office walls
 🐭💩
 Wish I had Jim's orange tabby
 So I'm a bit behind on the times. But is snap chat like what's hot on the streets?
 Because I always thought it was the premier app for sending temporary dick pics.
 Back in my day we used AIM over 56k dial up.
 Some people ask could Jordan still hang with the basketball greats today or were things just different back then.
" For me, I wonder if blood ninja could hold his own in the modern social media age. The game done changed."
 Haha Jim's gonna use big data to flip the dick down on humanity.
" He started with tolls, told us all it was just a breeze...."
 'Universal urination duration' wins Ig Nobel prize - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-34278595
" Sometimes, you just need to know..."
 <Media omitted>
 Quartz spinners
 Yeah. Same corner where there used to be a dead mouse and pile of droppings
 I'd say the new Haven place is still better. Floors are flat and it's more roomy.
 Probably looking to rent it out for 2000
 Which is the average rate in this east Somerville for a 1 bedroom with 700sq ft
 Except this is 2 bed that's more tizight.
 Yeah game done changed
 The new build are going for 2300-2500 for a 1 bed.
 Yeh they could probably hire Tony Eveready to be the spokesperson for these new places.
 It's all because of y'all internet money folks.
 Saw a commercial for Xfinity cable using 'x gonna give it to ya' as the
 Ending song
 <Media omitted>
 It's just a breeze....
 That's the only thing I hear as we barrel toward the election.
 This reminds me of the scene in step brothers with the really long fart at the job interview.
 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
" When the financial advisor asked about my goals, I kinda wanted to respond with 'to crush my enemies, see them driven before me, and hear the lamentations of their women'"
 Lol yeah. My parents insisted I visit the fidelity office. Learned about some LLC strategies and the 'backdoor Roth'
 Had to really stop myself from laughing at the name.
 Yeah I'll have to take a look at that
 For now ask the advice is relatively simple. No shamwow sales pitches.
 All*
" Definitely felt surreal. Not sure about this whole adulting thing. Shit, I flying towards my 30s and I'm still looking innuendos in finance terms."
 For*
" 'don't wanna grow up, wanna be a toys r us kid'"
 Thanks for the finance advisor info. Definitely help me keep my finance butthole tizight.
" Yep I hope I have 200k lying around when the program kicks off. Wanna be the Martian Neil Armstrong, one giant wank for mankind."
" Also Spotify daily mixes, that algorithm really knows how to fondle my brain balls."
 <Media omitted>
 She wants suggestions for new music from what I listen to....I think I'll ease in with some Caspian.
 Probably slip a little pants meet shit in for funsies
 Someone at the office just used the words thirsty Thursday in a professional email.... Wtf
" Was thinking isn't the concern of music artists not being paid enough related to supply and demand. Recording equipment and computer software is so accessible that countless bedroom musicians have sprung up. The market is overwhelmingly flooded with producers and there products. Also there are a multitude of distribution methods (traditional physical copies, YouTube, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, torrent sites, Spotify). When supply is tipped to such extreme, prices would approach zero. Just find the situation to be basically individuals refusing to adapt to the changing market and acknowledge the game done changed."
" So music track themselves really are worth $0.0001a play or approaching free via pirating. And the artist doesn't make tracks to profit directly. But instead creates tracks/songs to grow their brand, which is then leveraged for profit via shows, endorsements, etc."
" Just my musings with caffeine coursing through me. Maybe, Sean, as a someone with commercial releases and interactions with smaller artists could provide an opinion."
 Yeah really digging it too. Really tickles the brain balls.
 <Media omitted>
 Kayak riding you hard?
 <Media omitted>
 I flipped through the playlist for the genre...I guess vapor twitch is what I refer to as melodic trap music
 <Media omitted>
 And usually when you reach the point for this med.... Those won't be 2 pleasant months either.
 More moments.... Spent in pain and worrying about impending doom.
 As Missy Elliott would say 'Is it worth it?'
 That's why there's people like me who use rules and regs backed by the gov to tamp down those notions of life at all costs.
 <Media omitted>
 New meaning to getting clowned on.
 <Media omitted>
 Especially when you toss Trump into it.
 Looks like emperor palpatine
 And I totally missed all the bread porn. Looks like you took the bread game to 11.
 sweet potato... Game done changed
 All these voice assist devices from tech companies.... Looking forward to being able to yell out 'play that nuts coming out of the ass sound' and every room reverberates as the foomp sound blasts out a house-wide speaker system. The future is exciting.
 I could also see voice assist changing the game for online porn searches.
 scoutsomerville.com/oat-shop-davis-square/
 Artisanal oatmeal.....
" Yeah I gotta admit I'm intrigued. Some of the flavor blends sound dope. Though the health conscious part is a bit false, most of the options will probably be loaded with fat and sugar unless you get stock oatmeal."
 But you gotta give the people what they want. Like that UConn student union salad place that masqueraded as a healthy option. Or people just assumed plants equates healthy even if it's floating in a bucket of ranch dressing.
 Some form of porridge is big in every culture. But I think we shy away from it nowadays because of modern package breakfast foods. It would be cool if someone opened a multi ethnic porridge shop.
 Hey Sean amongst your tech coworkers how many own condos in the Boston area? Or Alex dunno if you know if the majority of your sister's coworkers own in the Boston area?
 Reason I ask is because my street had a recent jump in sales with a bunch of places gutted and condo converted.
 Hmm... I'm trying to figure out who are the folks buying up multi family condo converts.
 May have to do the same on my place. Cash out while the economy is at peak before the cycle begins down swing/recession
 Yeah in planning on holding at least another 1.5 years. When the sales on my street and the neighboring streets go through I'll probably dump it.
 Then again o need to access how resilient prices in the area were during the last recession
 Yep
 Yep. I'm running all the addresses on my street. Thanks
 Ooooo weeee
 That's be awesome... Game done changed
 I'm just imagining Kelly taking over Somerville lol. Driving hard bargains.
" I think we let our powers combine, then captain planet."
 ...I think if we combined our know how we could make a mark in real estate
 Also I think if Sean's old building condo'ed out it could easily 1.4 million. Four unit multi in Somerville is slow ramp for investors
 Be*
 Cruising up Connecticut River. Lots of massive mansions and other structures built by some powerful people from back in the day. Now their names are largely forgotten. That ozymandias fate.
 <Media omitted>
 🎶 Beat my meat like it owes me money. 🎶
 <Media omitted>
 Didn't think the bar could go any lower
" Also, the R Kelly 'Is you tweaking?' line comes to mind. But in the sniveling Trump voice."
" Interesting zoning in Hartford. Next to the whole spectrum of car dealerships, there's also a cluster of strip clubs, sex shops, and cheap motels."
 More like great place to get away from the family
" Well it looks like I'm getting a Toyota Camry. Really enhances my personal brand...'Bitch, I get 33 m-p-g... That's like a $300 annual savings. I could take you out for a few moderately priced dinners or add that to my Roth'"
 Not quite. There's a motor oil burn problem. It's kinda of a problem fit this generation of accord. And I'm out of the warranty years and mileage limit. So probably best to trade it in while there's still value and avoid potential engine repair work.
 For*
 Haha ass gaskets.
 But yeah the piston ass gaskets are the origin of the problem. Plus my car is up for a new set of tires and there's also a defect causing premature rear break wear.  I just don't see this car being designed to hit 200k like the usual expectation of Hondas
" Yeah definitely car AIDS. Brakes are tolerable, but the engine bit is unacceptable. There's been a lawsuits over the issue already. Don't really got that kind of time to take the car to the dealer for major servicing and possibly forking out serious dosh for a bandaid solution."
" Btw, Sean when you got your rav4 in MA, did you pay the sales tax and excise tax in the same year?"
" Ah. And from what I'm reading excise tax is used in lieu of individual town prop tax like in CT but fixed to a 2.5% rate, right?"
 Hmm there's much to weigh... Wish I lived in the city and could get rid of the car.
 https://open.spotify.com/album/0PV4prUWnHkJ1EtwkCZVAB
 Album is all over the place with genre influences but in a good way like frantic ball fondling.
 So tableau hot shit for you data magician types? Like for making snazzy reports and slapping the big data dick on lay folks like me?
 So is*
 Oh. The new company claims processing software will be delivering me reports made from tableau.
 I watched the see it in action vid on their webpage. Looked super cool according to the twenty- something working on a Mac and making reports for a indie coffee roaster
 So it's that high quality lube for the big data dick
 Though you don't need lubed up data to show tablea's lackluster stock price after a hyped NYSE listing.
 'Bigly'
" There's a whole debate about it, but I'm pretty sure it's bigly"
" I guess it could be used as an adverb, but it's practically never used so it's just jarring."
 Yeah still watching the shit show.
 It's like swap.avi. So awful but you can take your eyes off it.
 Can't*
 It's bad when listening to these two debate makes you yearn to hear Bush stumble through a speech.
" 'Have you seen it, have you seen it!'"
" Yep, that heat death of the universe really kills most projects."
" Also reminds me of 'on a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero'"
 And now my office is trying to figure out costumes for Halloween.... Sounds like a WFH day for me.
 You should keep a plastic jack-o'-lantern full of real life advice
 Also that means most of your office is full of young parents.
 Interesting demographics
 Ah the create two kids and realize your city condo is too small so you trade up to the burbs situation.
 Haha
 I think it's when you go through with a stiff rake and remove dead roots
 Yeah that
 Haha
 It's pretty sad that lawn care actually dominates the majority of weekends in suburban life
 Like it's not even a joke. Really like the movement to turn lawns into farm space
" My dad likes mowing the lawn, but I suspect it's so he can put on the sweet ear muffs I bought him and not have to listen to my mom."
" Decades of advertising has ingrained Sisyphean lawn care into our minds. If your lawn ain't perfect, then you're probably poor type mindset."
" I looked at her resume from the teacher of the year submission. Unfortunately I didn't have her as a teacher.  Looks like she started the year I graduated, but taught 9th grade history in my school in a school program."
 But that's really epic that a teacher from the ol Brass city won the national award.
" Jesus land lol. There's a couple good things in Waterbury. Not much though, not much."
 Poster child along with places like Lowell for 19th century industrial cities fallen into decay.
" Lol most of the mills in the city were torn down in a failed attempt to revitalize in the 90s. Plus taxes are pretty high in the dirty waters. Low cost of entry, high maintenance."
" Speaking of mills, I think Apple just set up an office in an old coal plant in Britain. Guess any building from the late 19th to early 20th century is cool."
 It's the pink Floyd power plant
 Can't wait for hip offices to start cropping up in medieval dungeons.
 I guess no place is safe from hipness.
 Haha
 Well looks like we got a bottled water bandit at the office. #cubelife
" Clarification: our supplies ordering person suspects someone is lifting whole cases of water out of the office. But it's not me, my antics are limited kcups and narrow ruled notebooks."
 Aw snap Alex about to release detox.
 The one on the left is a leg roller
 Right side... Some screw in the light bulb butt plug
 Yeah imagination
 Though I remember the thing ama jig being a lot more robust and torture-ey
 Yeah I need to get a standing desk. Gotta dislocate my hip on the reg to relieve pain.
 It's usually my hip that kills me on our VT hikes. I'm like an old grandma.
 Haha nice. Are you costumed up too?
 I'm imagining a bunch of over enthused office folks in costumes and you shaking your head.
 Well I'll gladly wear a Disney princess costume right now and partake in mediocre office Halloween activities. Noticed my office manager and hr manager walk out with an interviewee. Found out they're planning to replace a 3 longtime employees with 1 person.
 You either fucking or getting fucked in life.
 I think they plan on laying that shit out in time for the holidays
 Can't imagine every wanting to bring a child to my workplace or office in general. 'Here's where daddy slowly loses his sanity so you can have nice things'
 Maybe you internet office is more fun
 Damn getting older is not fun. I just found out my cholesterol is a smidge elevated.
 #life
 Was about to say it would've made a good costume for the your office party...but it could also give off a slight pedo-Kennedy vibe.
 Just need to know... Are you drinking wine in the onesie?
 Well looks like I might have to deny a med for a kid barely clinging to life. Gonna send it out to a physician reviewer to divvy out the blame/liability. Some heavy stuff for the weekend.
 Got the case dropped in my lap right as I was about leave work... Yay
 Magnets how do they work?
 The answer to which is actually very complicated.
 Is it like magnets that go both ways?
 Had to pause the vid. That kid is bringing back the DH lol.
 Yeah lol
 So auth. Also a hell of a lot more interesting than what I was doing in Somerville last night.
 Is it also weird in oddly fascinated by the sewer drain pipe in the background and the whole PVC on iron action.
 I'm*
 Wouldn't be surprised if these guys were jamming out during porch fest this year.
 <Media omitted>
 I'm sure this guy doesn't have to deal with bringing his kids in for an office place trick or treat.
 <Media omitted>
 Someone's going ham sandwich on the trumpet while another is belting out tunes in Spanish/Portuguese. Somerville is quite interesting.
" Kinda was here Friday waiting for someone to install a door, but I'm just doing some weekend WFH now before heading back to CT"
 That's the only way to WFH.
 One can only take so much of Kenny Jizzle before they break.
 We tried waterboarding and he wouldn't break.... Bring in Kenny G
 Maybe that's the secret to making good bread.
 https://www.soylent.com/product/coffiest/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=ppc
 What will they think of next? Get a week's worth of nutrition with a quick breakfast shake butt chug!
 I also just learned today that water bottle flipping is a popular activity among kids. Guess it's better than having junior huff jenkum.
 Yep like throwing a bottle in the air and flipping it.
 Not a metaphor
 Feel like an old man because I found out about it through the WSJ.
" Whoa, so the person looking to rent a room in my unit is a craft brewer from Canada. Like the guy has legit brew experience."
 My attempt to stand up against gentrification in ESom failed. Guess I'll go all out renting out to millennial folk and contribute to the seemingly unstoppable socioeconomic changes in the area.
" Based on his LinkedIn, he has some brewing experience along with a bunch of brewer operations related experience."
 Sign I'm getting old: Can't wait for my Fico score to update in 4 days after paying off my kitchen project financing.
 <Media omitted>
 So how easy is it to get Canadian citizenship?
 Also does that guy work at kayak?
 That's some interdimensional cable shit right there. Except it's real and it's scary.
 That's like the bedrock of religion too.
 Two co-workers at the office trying to decide if they wanna hit up the local bee's or the Chili's. #officespace
 Excellent way to get jalapeno poppers and the clap on the same night.
" Sean, that's exactly what I was gonna post. That sciencing is so edge that my feeble end-user mind can't comprehend."
" Alex, good to see the album is on track for a Dec release. Also happy belated, I forgot too."
 DeepMind AI to play videogame to learn about world - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-37871396
 <Media omitted>
 Hahahaha
 <Media omitted>
 I could see R Kelly endorsing that.
 Balls deep with the dark pump
 <Media omitted>
 Amenities included an empty bottle of lube.
" Sadly Detroit of all places is trending towards gentrification. You can still get some super nice Victorian houses on the cheap, but it probably won't last. The city is being lubed with artists right now. Just waiting for some high paying industries and their yuppie workforce to plunge in balls deep off a step ladder."
 I guess in the meantime you could open a bakery there. Capitalize on the gritty beard and post-industrial city image. Keep it real by selling loafs for $10 a pop.
 Maybe include a cool background story about how you grew up on the mean streets of Detroit and made it out flipping ancient grain loafs.
 Damn that was a long time ago
 Haha
 Same they made it hella confusing
 Bills?
 Oh that lol
 I forgot I'm still registered in Storrs.
 Guess I'm not registered in Storrs
 Not sure where actually.
 State of the art tech in the mid 20th century
 Make the DMV great again
 I think the scariest thing coming out of this election is the rise of misguided and illogical populist thought.
 Yeah definitely not new. Just get the feeling the long stretch of peace and prosperity enjoyed by our parents' generation will be ending within our lifetimes.
 But that's the cycle of human history. The stone always rolls back at some point.
 Hoping for that AI takeover
 Ex machina shank me in the back shit
 Lol
 Haha yeah he totally looks like him
 You either fucking or getting fucked... Life
 Also trending away from a more I unified healthcare system benefits me.
 There's also the bit where many others are going through the same dilemma. It only takes one or a few to choose self to muck it up
 As Mungo Jerry would say Do what ya feel.
 Watching election results with mathbonus playing....a very interesting combo
 Mathbonus really knows how to enhance the grim
 This is looking bleak.
 Shits dropping in Asia.
 Wubba lubba dub dub
 Well looks like ol Detroit might be the most important place in the world right now
 Guess the only good news is MA legalized weed
 Same thing here
 Well never underestimate the discontent masses. We are fortunate enough to belong to the more privileged segment of the US population.
 Yep and back with Obama he had Biden to attract blue collars
 Lol
 Good thing is we live in a country where we vote and choose someone and that's it.
 There's not post election brawl.... Factions literally shooting each other
 Lol
" I hope he doesn't roll back progressive gains, we'd be back to 1900."
 I doubt you can repeal. It's already been supported by the supreme Court
" If I remember from civics, the only way to override that is to shift the foundation of the supreme Court by pushing a constitutional amendment through."
 He'll probably provide some good fodder for comedians too. Some good laughs while shit's burning.
 The glass is only half full of piss.
 Changes to immigration might make things complicated with the lady friend too.
 And that's the way the news goes!
" Political talk is cropping up in the office around the lunch hour. Per usual, I passively absorb the opinions and add it to my coworker dossiers."
" But goddamn, I just wanna heat up my pizza and avoid talking politics."
 That kid's probably gonna be a registered sex offender for life. Definitely not holding any public office.
 Yeah definitely not condoning any form of sexual assault. The issue shouldn't be black and white but accessing nuances takes time and resources.
" I think the problem here and around the world is that human labor intensive industry has come and gone at a rate that far outstrips the life span of the existing labor pool. Basically we are left with a large number of people but no jobs. When you boil down all the racism, religious fanaticism, and other forms of hate; it comes down to the human struggle of finding basic resources food, shelter, water, energy source, and something to occupy/placate the human mind (pursuit of happiness). Most people either lack these things completely or have a bare minimum but no guarantee of a regular supply. I still believe if we as humanity can solidify this supply of basic needs and guarantee equal availability to every human, the majority of the humanities problems will be an after thought with a few generations. Automation also makes this much easier to accomplish. Of course, this probably will have to be done asking with some considerably less palatable things like secular education and a sustained level of birth control (active or passive methods)"
 Sounds like communism but it can more like be placed within the constructs of a Western democracy and accomplished through private industry. Fully automating the supply of such resources also addresses the contentious issue of who laborers while others benefit.
 Just the musings of an office drone.
 It's a matter of how free trade and automation are used. Do you choose to concentrate the gains in the hands of a few and perpetuate the historical inequalities? Or do you use the current unprecedented global connectivity and ability to separate humans from labor to proliferate something that benefits everyone? Unfortunately humans are selfish and short sighted. The libertarian and Luddite views are just different sides on the same selfish coin.
" Allow either to run their way and, well, you have where we are today."
 Hmm I'll need to stop by the libs later and give this book a read.
 #life
 Some lighter stuff...
 <Media omitted>
 Source: pharmaceutical technology magazine
 <Media omitted>
 #jerkoffmanually
" And yep I anticipate the Trump presidency to be more of a comedy gold mine than the Bush years. Unless shit really goes super far right, then ain't nothing funny."
 Dang I wanna move to Mr Rogers neighborhood.
 Though property prices in the Neighborhood of Make Believe must be off the chain there. Heard they extending the electric trolley line and driving the puppets into the real world.
 Btw Dave Chappelle on SNL last night was pretty dope. Opening monologue was some classic stand-up.
 Wtf lol
" Jesus, I guess the value of my house shot up according to the Somerville accessor. Bad news is my tax bill nearly doubled. Kinda glad my current set of tenants are moving out. The city is really forcing my hand to flip the dick down."
 I'm basics tied to a system of trickle down ass fuckery
 Basically*
" Shit's really off here, dunno when it's gonna break."
 Can't wait to find out what 'great' means. Think I might look for great with a house in the wooded mountains.
 It's related to the nearby sales. I'm pretty sure the city has no idea what type of reno has happened
 Lol love how the keystone is that xxl pipe
 Estate tax? Isn't that a post grey veil tax on your inheritors?
" Also I don't think trump will cut the local property tax. It's pretty low as it stands. They really don't need to up taxes when property prices are already wiggity wiggity whack. And as soon as the union sq and expanded assembly housing developments come into play, it's gonna be an ass so tight it won't even let your nuts out situation."
 But goddamn who the fuck can afford to live there.
 AIDS?
 Lol that south park ref
 <Media omitted>
" Eh, I guess it could be driving through the door instead of fumigating the garage."
" Well after reading the posts, Trump is the definition of a wild card. He is whatever people see they need."
 Even when his statements are outlandish and contradictory.
 Wubbie lubbie doop doop
 http://motherboard.vice.com/read/society-is-too-complicated-to-have-a-president-complex-mathematics-suggest
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Reading this MD statement about a patient who's tried every thing from Viagra to testosterone and shaft injections but just can't nut.... In the End starts playing in my head
 Do you still tip when cars drive themselves?
 Ah man that's a bummer... Oh look cheesy bread.
 Haha. This is awesome.
 Oh yeah this is my type of comedy.
 <Media omitted>
" Just saw on the news the CT DOT is doing a $1.3 million traffic study on i95. Hope that isn't going on your plate, Jim."
 So basically it'll be your project in a few months if your coworker fucks up.
 Haha. At least you got those quality wacarnolds rib sandwich reports on lock and the company gots to come through you.
 Also hearing 'He's trying!'
" Crap, just drank a jar of cold brew concentrate thinking it was regular coffee, now my brain is gonna get all existential during the workday."
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Guess I would need to find a hobosexual lady friend.
 Yep minimal living is definitely better. Been helping my parents clean out their basement in CT and it's like how did we accumulate so much stuff.
 Sometimes you need a second laptops to help out with the wfh boredom
 More like I didn't put away the work comp after when.
 Lol add modern plumbing and I'd definitely live in a box.
 Wonder if Chappelle is gonna get back on the stand-up circuit. Seems like he's been reappearing in things
 This guy's mind is some special form of dark.
 <Media omitted>
 I guess I'm MA you could do loafs n' piff from the rav4 trunk now.
 http://barriobread.com
" Low carbon fit print, ancient grains, co-op farmers markets... This guy's page had all the buzzwords to get millennial yuppie dicks hard."
 Doing business while doing business
 And now it's time to self inject myself a flu shot yay
 Called IT. Guy is blasting Twista in the background throughout the entire conversation.
 Aw sheeeut. Time to put in a PTO day and call the Get Wet Girls.
" Well, if it's any encouragement, the Get Wet Girls ain't getting any younger... Meditate on that."
 Jk.... Don't meditate on that image...Good luck on the final stretch
 Some people at the office wanna play Christmas music for holiday spirit. Perhaps I should suggest some Dipset Christmas.
" Never avoid the office lottery pool. It's a waste of money, but there's always that super slim chance you'll be the last and only person working."
 Lottery tickets for powerball
 <Media omitted>
 This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for not being married with kids like most of the people on my Facebook news feed. And the ample opportunities for dicking around.
" Nah, I'm gonna be a cool dad."
 Cool dad vibing too hard and embarrassing his kids.
 Haha
" No politics at the table, but having a debate about raising kids in the social media world."
 Yum lol
 Nut nut nut nuts in da artisan loaf
" Ah, love how most of my family assumes I'm up to a whole lotta nothing because I live at home and my job seems to have little relation to my schooling. Flying under the radar... Just the way I like it."
" Guess everyone has the weekend free, so the entire neighborhood is buzzing with leaf blowers. I'm pretty sure I could record all the lawn care sounds throughout the year and release a drone album."
 Also reminds me of the don hertzfeldt film and the long ass leaf blower scene
 https://youtu.be/1IUX0Qy-IDM
 The pipe is leaking....
 Gazing upon the chaos of shoppers and goods piled high at the Costco.... Damn it feels good to live in a Western country...Or at least until we realized we've consumed beyond the point of no return.
 Yeah I could use some of that good ass French toast. At the local best buy... Fun
 Nice. Hopefully I don't get stuck on the hill again lol.
 Goddamn that's some heavy stuff like Sisyphus's boulder.
 <Media omitted>
 Seeing the transient young professional population in Somerville always gives me that warm fuzzy feeling...like Daniel Plainview staring at derrick spewing flame and black crude.
" Ocean of renters, baguettes, and chill vibes."
" Alex, where is the defense going to be at tomorrow?"
 Ah sorry. Was originally planning on driving up this morning to attend. But I'm getting called into work early. Good luck with the defense.
 http://www.picturesthatigoneanddone.com/
 <Media omitted>
 Fooomp!
 Lol reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator after the hulk musical...
 https://youtu.be/7u0mKh_m0Rc
 Going to a client party hosted by my realtor. Basically get to meet all different levels of folks involved in running a gentrification train on Somerville. The places you'll go... I'm not sure about them.
 Also fucking hate social functions.
 I told her I was against gentrification and all about social justice.... But shit I just wanna plow everything and salt the fields until the boulder rolls back
 cookbook worthy photo.
 Even worse hanging two lonely bananas on the hanging rack fully knowing it won't work after eating one.
" Walked into the office, hear a co-worker yell 'We setting ourselves up for suck, people!!' It's gonna be a great day."
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Is that blue placemat like your bread casting couch? Bringing in those fresh baguettes and spreading 'em.
 Nice. Wish I could bring some weird to the vanilla tree at the office.
 So any of y'all have office Christmas parties coming up?
 Learn things about your co-workers you wish you could unlearn.
 Same. Gotta smile and be pleasant to the people I regularly berate at the other office... Should be fun.
 Maybe you should leave James at home and let Jimmy go to the party.
" Also found out the day after the Costco Christmas party there's always awkward sales of plan b at the pharmacy, hopefully I'm not working that day."
" Wow, I guess that makes it's a hell of a lot easier to buy plan b with Martinelli's apple juice."
 I think Ludacris was on to something with the area code method.
 <Media omitted>
 Almost laughed in the phone when the pharmacy answered with 'You've reached ICP.'
 Unfortunately it was Institutional Care Pharmacy.
 I guess if you ever get bored of baking you could make a segue into serial killing à la Jeffrey Dahmer.
" ...ah making things super grim.... But seriously, is the freezer for storing dough or cooked loafs?"
 Nice. Sounds like that could easily work as a retail method. Sneak a loaf any goddamn time of the day.
 Haha. I guess they live up to their name. Also Toast sounds like a hipster breakfast place.
 <Media omitted>
" If I ever have kids, I'm gonna tell them every Christmas Santa squats over the chimney and magically pinches off gifts... Should make for some good parent teacher meetings."
 Santa did a stint in prison. Perfected the art of keister storage.
 <Media omitted>
 Haha I'm a Steve.
" Go ride your hamster wheel, Linda!"
" But yeah after working in an office.... Friday's actually mean something. No doubt it's a social construct, but we're stuck in the machine whether we like it or not. And not running the wheel for two days is pretty sweet. So yep I am excited for Friday."
 So Uncle Steve is a real piece of shit.
 Toyota Priuses are great for drive bys.
 But that's awesome if you can land a job with army research. Probably get a pretty sweet benefits package from the gov.
 Prius Ref. from Weeds
 <Media omitted>
 Captain choke at the office party.... Memories
 Coke*.... Captain choke would be a bdsm name.
 I wish I went to a dinner party school.
 What did you learn this week?
 We were sooo cool!
 Shit all this reminiscing got me craving a blueberry pancake corn dog.
 Haha this is great
 Btw Mr robot on USA is a pretty good show. Y'all should check it out.
 <Media omitted>
 https://youtu.be/97Z6E9Zk43I
 Little bits......
 Yeah this is a thing. Read about it in the Atlantic and had to check it out. It's from Japan. I guess it's a tedium/patience hobby like ship in a bottle.
 That's one shifty looking mother fucker. Looks like a guy who would leave turds around the office.
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
" Awesome, congrats dude!"
 Also ranks 5th in rent
 https://open.spotify.com/album/0usp3IeDhbEXgoCc3f6PzZ
 This idea just popped in my head.... Death metal band but all the growling lyrics are excerpts from tax law and bits of financial advice.
 Do a drive by on our taste buds?
 I wish WhatsApp had a running tally of booyah quotes in group chat.
