 Love the group picture
 Loool
 Money well spent
 Life is bullshit man
 3Ps are seriously the way to go if you want a cushy ass job. Basically the authority/benefit of a government job with the pay of a private consultant
" Sometimes you have to work hard, but when you do, it's usually to shut down the studio"
 Better get a keg of that raspberry beer to add to the bar
 Sopressata is the way to go dude. Trust
 Also do we have methods for cooking turkey?
 Better start looking up good ways to cook this bad boy
 I'm thinking combo overnight brine and butter/herbs under the skin
 Hey Dave do you think the turkey is still good to eat? Not sure what a year of freezer storage does to meats
 Lol it might be on the cusp
 Lmao
 Was it fresh when you got it or was it frozen?
 I mean the turkey may have been frozen for a while before then right?
 How long does frozen food hang around at costco
 Eh its probably fine
 10-11 months frozen
 So I'm running a program called analyst at work. I was looking over old run logs and couldn't help but laugh
 <Media omitted>
 All these prn files on the network drive
 I can carpool. I'll probably have to work until between 6 and 7 tmmr
 Depending on where you work tmmr we can either carpool from new Haven or meet somewhere on the way
 Works for me
 Nice dude. Gonna get so schwifty this weekend.
 Do you want me to handle some of the meat department? I can go to the elm city market and get some fresh to death butchered cuts tomorrow afternoon
 Figured a whole family sized turkey would be a ton of food tho
" I can always get some cuts, just keep it in mind"
 T boner steak?
 I'll see what they got
 Porterhouse is a tough cut to cook but it's fucking tasty
 <Media omitted>
 Do I need to pick anything up? Feels kinda weird bring more or less empty handed
 I can pick up more vegetables than the lone pepper I had in the picture
 Oh damn 😨
 Okay I can pick up some beet
 Beer
 Dave and I are on our way top
 We'll probably get there a little after 11
 Don't pull any off-white Persian rugs from the top shelf dude.
 <Media omitted>
 Guess that guy without the helmet has the best armor after all
" Speaking of R&M, I was looking at frozen pizzas at whole foods and I found something kinda familiar"
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 👍
 http://giphy.com/gifs/104ueR8J1OPM2s
 He's saying 'do it' if you weren't able to tell
 That YouTube video was great gif fodder
 That's one of the more tame gifs of him saying 'do it'
 Lol you guys
" Seriously though, i def side with Dave on this one. It took me until I was done with UConn for good to realize just how much I disliked that place"
" .. But you know, I'm sure the degree is worth the work"
 #finishstrongalex
 <Media omitted>
 Fuck yeah
 Never go back to the carpet store
 Oh man yeah that comic. So good but yeah pretty gloomy
 Lol I did not get the impression that click was that kind of movie
 Also that is some bullshit
 Seems common as fuck but its still not fair
 I think UConn is one of those schools where the professors are hired with the idea that they devote 95% of their time to research
 Hahaha
 I agree with sean
 Show them what happens when you find a stranger in the alps
 I know that's happened in the past with the CE department. I'm not sure how common it is with other departments though
 Hahaha fits well
 Jesus
 Feel like I need to add something to lighten up after that article
 <Media omitted>
 That's the best I can do
 So.. Toy story 3?
 Number one most hated phrase in textbooks: 'we leave this as an exercise for the reader'
" It's like, damn, the phrase is 'knowledge is built upon the shoulders of giants' not 'knowledge is built upon the shoulders of giants, but they're kinda dickish and make you climb up them instead of just picking you up and putting you on their shoulders. They're GIANTS, man, picking you up is like lifting a couple of grapes for them'"
 Lol it looks like the retarded child of a hummer and a tonka truck
 Lol
 <Media omitted>
 I got bored
" Oh wow, congrats sean"
 Lol giving it the ol' LBJ
 That off-white persian
 Eh at least guys don't get a never ending supply of dick pics
 Weeooo weeooo
" Hey man, there's always imagination, vivid description, and failing that, ascii art"
 Heh
 8===✊D💦
 You could always give it the ol interview special
 Yeesh
 Eek barba dirkle
 Lol
 One word dude
 Trucknutz
 I mean you could waited for the new Tesla model but that SUV is still a good choice
 Oh cool
 Guess we didn't get the invite then
 Lol I mean I've been to a few weddings for people our age. They can be really fun depending on who's getting married
 That being said I don't know how much fun a wedding would be with the entirety of 'the weird' as the wedding party
 Fucking sprinkles
 Haha shit
 It's on the front page of reddit too
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/6yVTKGW
 Such gold
 Kids these days
 <Media omitted>
 Got one of them birthday comix for the occasion
 LMAO that might be my new favorite euphemism
 But yeah I really like Dave's look with the haircut/beard combo
 You could take a picture with my aloe plant. You're its primary caretaker as it is
 Horticulture can be sexy too
 Hahaha this is great
 That middle licence pic is pretty damn chameleon
 <Media omitted>
" Found this on imgur, thought you guys would appreciate it. That bottom right pic, really hits home"
 Lmao was it another Kelly Byrne magnum opus?
" Damn man, that sounds shitty. If you wanna grab a drink/blow off steam let me know"
 Wouldn't want you eating nothing but purginol for breakfast lunch and dinner
 You should just grab the first and last page and fill the rest with with foreclosure auctions and police blotters
 I was looking through a scope of work for one of our projects today and there's a personnel category called 'Expert BM Consultant'
 I laughed way more than I probably should have thinking about some guy in a punstripe suit teaching people how to get nothing but net every time
" Got my first beard trim done yesterday. Gotta say, it might just be one of the most relaxing things a man can exoerience"
 Really loving the lumberjack lifestyle
 <Media omitted>
 This is from this afternoon
 Had an earlier one that showcases the length before the trim
 <Media omitted>
 My selfie face apparently needs work
 You know it dude
" Gotta say, really glad I stuck with it"
 Aru loves the beard too
 Seriously
 Lmao
 Damn dude that's a legit beard
 Aru thinks its too angular
 (I think it looks glorious)
 It's tough when it gets to that length for sure
 You gotta contend with it puffing out too much on the sides
 I bet it looks pretty sweet from straight on
 That business beard
 Lol nice pic dude
 You look like you'd fit in perfectly in the Seattle/Portland metropolitan region
 Off to a good start I'd say. Not sure if you mentioned it but I take it you turned down the amazon offer?
" Oh damn man, good luck"
 Eh I don't know. Slow as shit I guess
" Had a second round a week and a half ago, think it went well but haven't heard anything since"
 It's just tough to find a decent tech job in NYC
 Might have to just go straight into finance or to something a little more entry level
 Lol yeah its always an option
 Hookers on a private jet
 Sounds boring as shit though
 I mean aside from the late 90s era hedonism
 Eh I guess you never know. There's always those tech bootcamps if I gotta make something work
 Wouldn't mind checking out the Seattle area if it came to that tbh
 Seems pretty relevant
 For every 20 or so cool sounding openings on the west coast there's like one in NYC
 Most are looking for senior data scientists far as I can tell
 Like a finance firm trying to retrofit the past 15 years of tech research
 Looking more and more at business days analyst and quant style positions
" So in other news, I've been in a sports bar for the past 6-7 hours"
 Watching sports
 I wanna go home so bsd
 It's about as fun as it sounds
 :(  shit why did I think it was today
 Happy birthday Dave! From your bad friends
 🎈
 That you're an adult but you know how to have fun?
 Don't really know where to place the communist manifesto
 Lolz what bs
 To be honest I thought you were gonna link that picture of the hamster with the banana
 <Media omitted>
 Hope that dissertation research is coming along nicely dude
 Hopefully you can defend before UConn grows into that city from judge dredd
 Niche forums are strange places
 I bet that's like a candy store for identity theives
 So I got an email today from Elsevier saying my thesis paper is the number one most cited article for alternative methods in crash injury severity modelling
 That degree is really paying dividends
 That's the one I wrote my first year of grad school
" I'm honestly surprised there are more than like 2 or 3 papers on that specific topic, to be honest"
" I doubt it means anything to me other than a little boost of self esteem, but still. Feels good man"
 Hahaha
 'Lick-lick-lick my balls!!'
 Such a good show dude
 Still name occasional temporary variables after Mr poopybutthole in my traffic assignment scripts
 Haha awesome
" That's what life is all about, I guess"
 Hahaha always laugh when I'm reminded of that poor guy
 But yeah
 Damn man. Sorry to hear that but yeah everything I hear about Google interviews is pretty similar. They've got a really high false negative rate though so you can always apply a little later
 I seem to remember a webcomic along those lines
 <Media omitted>
 I like to think of it more as the racism/prejudice/liberal-conservative cycle
 The views we have as reasonably liberal folks may just become conservative for the new generation
 Maybe the values we have will just become obsolete in the eyes of the youths
 ..damn youths
 Hope they use a compilation of 2 second clips to make it super legit
 <Media omitted>
 Lol that's harold
 He's in some pretty dank memes
 I'm pretty sure the original source is some shutterstock image collection
 Haha so great
 <3
 Damn dude that's really gonna tie the house together
" I dunno, if Alex's dad decides to start a brewery operation I'd have a hard time being disappointed in the turn of events"
 That house is like countable infinity
 Did you take a sad pause and tell them that he's a close family friend?
 Lmao
 Lol at this point I think that's all of us
 That's pretty sweet
 Very impressive hand drafting skills too
 Does volume to surface area apply here? I'm pretty bad with theoretical maths
 Makes for some pretty sweet album art too
" It's all really cool stuff. I'm pretty noobish when it comes to any math that's not applied, but the idea of a smaller scale universe with lower energy seems pretty neat"
 I figure the physics works out somehow
 👍👍
 👍🏿👍🏾👍🏼👍
" Damn, good for him"
 Seems like he got his life together pretty well since the last time we saw him
 Haha #buttstuff
 Nice printer orientation bruh
 Oh shit he's taking Roy off the grid!
" I honestly was a huge fan of those Christmas lights. The blow up Santa's/frosty the snowmen, not so much"
" Hey man, now that you're an official homeowner, you can continue the tradition of gaudy Christmas decoration"
 Maybe give it a festive 'holiday booyah' theme
 Maybe you can do one of those music synced l
 Hey this is Aru. When are you having your slumlord house party?!?! I volunteer jmmys place for the venue....
 Damn man that's a pretty big 'successful adult' moment
 I'm pretty sure Aru is okay with our level of humor
 You guys see that new star wars movie yet?
" Just gotta say, it was super weird watching Sean's old profile pic as a sith lord"
 Lol yeah I mean it's not a spoiler or anything but it was jarring as fuck when you see his face
 Just imagining him from girls
 Being creepy as ever
 Goddamn you could cook some quality dope in that
 That's a real gem right there
 Wait what is going on in that card?
 There's someone else in the bed
 I thought it was one of those 'excited to get up on christ morning' kind of things
 That's amazing
 <Media omitted>
 Ears eyebrows and noses are apparently necessities
 lol
 <Media omitted>
 Lol its my first day back this week
 According to the schedule there will be less people here on Wed and Thurs
" As much as I'm a fan of hanging with my dick out, I think I'll avoid that while I'm out of the house"
" No, not gonna be able to come this year"
 My gramma's funeral is the 2nd so I'm gonna avoid being too far from Stamford this year
 I'll be more than happy to make the trip up any other time you guys have free
 Thanks man. We all sort of saw it coming a way off but it was tough on the family all the same
 Hope y'all have a good time up in VT though
 Gonna miss searching the house for Dave at 10pm
 Thanks guys. And yeah any time you guys happen to be free would be cool with me. Madison is super close to where I live too
 🎊🎉
 Have fun guise
 <Media omitted>
 Oo looks like some other people had Alex's idea too
 So I made a noob scripting mistake this morning
 Wasn't paying attention to my code and accidentally made a looping recursive program that started up multiple copies of itself every loop
 I tried manually closing it before I realized what was going on
 There were a couple hundred programs running after a minute or two
" I was laughing way too much at my futile attempt, figured I'd share"
 Hahahaha I literally fork bombed myself
 I feel a little better knowing it has a name
 Got so much noob sauce on myself
 And here I was thinking that my beard basically added the equivalent of an associates in cs
 Yeah tycho
 Or you could listen to nonstop trap if you wanna feel like you're driving the formula for slanging dope
 Deriving*
 If you don't mind podcasts you might enjoy stuff you should know. I work to it a lot - it's light enough that you don't feel like you miss out on much by not paying attention
 So I've been playing around with that face swap app
 Decided to try it on that pic you guys sent for nye
 <Media omitted>
 Yeah that's entry level biz
 I don't think they have a position called 'fresh from business school' so they slap the word analyst on it
 It's really weird in the finance industry too because that's what every single entry level person is called
 Most of them don't do any analyses
 Lol effing jcrew
 It's just a title nowadays like associate or VP
 Your highschool acquaintances can come home every day and tell their loved ones that they did a business
 Yeah
 Those kinda buzzwords just make things so much worse
 Just like those company 'about' pages that all day 'we use data integration and next level insights to produce business intelligence growth across a variety of verticals'
 All say*
 Oh god
 It's fucking horrendous actually applying for those jobs too
 They're all exactly the same
 I'm pretty sure I've applied for 30 or 40 places that all do data analytics SaaS that deliver BI insights
 And apparently all of them have yahoo and Microsoft as a client
" I'm convinced that they do, honestly"
 Most of them seem like they're just more user friendly versions of SQL
 Hahah
 If it weren't for a lot of companies having just the worst data management possible that would be super easy to do
 But those SaaSes aren't for those people anywau
 Just get something colorful and blocky
 Like those donut peg games for toddlers but in app form
 I feel like you could just tell those people about weka
 Or just make weka look colorful and shit
 I think that's what some companies have already done with hadoop
 Combine weka with shiny
 I guess there's a need for it
 I usually use a premade algo built into the software i use
 The greedy algorithm is pretty decent for a simple one
 But I'm told there's a better algorithm to be used that you can probably find in an algorithms textbook
 Oh yeah
 CUBE voyager
 I use
" Most of my networks are 5000 zones, maybe 60-100k nodes"
 Yeah lol
 TransCAD is similar
 If you have access to CUBE I can give you a bunch of scripts
 It's not super common outside of industry asaik
 AFAIK*
 Yeah I mean python packages are hit and miss sometimes but I imagine a dijkstra package would work decently
 Cython integration helps too
 How is your network set up?
 Youd likely have to reestablish it somehow depending on the program you use
 Might work decently for what you need. CUBE definitely does the job quickly (think probably 1-2 hour on a single core for 3000-5000 zones to load the path at equilibrium and maybe a minute or two to find a single iteration set of shortest paths) but you might not have access to it
 If you're not doing equilibrium network loading I wouldn't worry too much about computation time
 Unless the algo is poorly optimized i wouldn't imagine more than 10 minutes for single iteration on one core
 Oo damn
 Yeah I'd definitely be in for that
 As long as its not valentines day weekend I'm good to go
" Plus, I miss you guys. It's been like 4-5 months now"
 Lmao
 <Media omitted>
 Found this today at amity
 It's made by the same guys who make the vacuum beers
 That one works for me too
 Just load up a separate video on each screen and really treat yourself
 Although the design looks like you'd have to spend like 4 full minutes getting in and out of that thing
 Haha gross
 Lol maths. Your companion on the journey of life
 I guess in this analogy mount doom is hell but you get the idea
 It's an employer's market man. Most places could offer euthenasia as the only provided healthcare benefit and people would still apply.
" We're pretty fucking terrible. To be fair, its expected vs mandatory (like I think in Japan it's expected that you work 60-80 hour weeks regardless) but still"
 We're pretty great at fucking over the common man
 Yeah
" I mean I know Spain is doing pretty poorly at the moment, but it sounds pretty idyllic there based on things I hear from George and manuella"
" People working maybe 20-30 hours a week, having week-long holidays, and just generally chilling so hard"
 Jesus
 I gotta say man
 Reading those insurance texts feel a lot like watching seasons 2-5 of breaking bad
 I mean Walt gets pretty badass for a good while
 So I'm heading down to the city for everyone's favorite holiday
 Forgot to take into account the fact that florists close at 6-7pm on fridays
 Lol Mr poopybutthole is a true treasure
 I could see it
 Like one of those exhibits where you wear headphones and you just hear random snippets of 'Kelly Byrne'
 Just barely audible
 Not too shabby
 Definitely make sure they havent been sitting for a week or two. Otherwise they're great
 <Media omitted>
 Hahaha that really is the perfect response
 Lmao that sounds pretty great
 Tying one on reeeal tight at our good buddy Chuck E.'s place
 Lol so great
" Some guy on imgur wrote wrote captions to narrate the video, really makes it hit home"
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/XxL7G
" Hey so, serious question"
 Is 'one and done' innuendo
 I wrote a report on modeling approaches and I've labelled my preferred approach the 'one and done technique'
 Sorta sounds like I'm advocating for premature ejaculation all over TDMs
 Lmao
 But maybe
 It's a double innuendo
 I guess
 Maybe I'm advocating promiscuity and quickies
" Mostly, yeah"
 Best way to make money in the industry
 Express land dude
 Or managed lane if you're in some states
 Clearly it just means I need to rename my other approach to the 'clown on that model technique'
 That's the dream
 I would love to see those citations
" 'Queue accumulation for toll assignent models was first refined via dog washing (Mooradian, 20always)"
 Would really make me appreciate my accomplishments in life
 Yeah still in for sure
" Guess I'll do a little research, see if there are more next-level ways to cook a turkey"
 <Media omitted>
 Yeah but think of all the sweet urban exploration you could do with a Darth Vader respirator
" Sounds like I'll be last to the party, got that 530ish departure"
 I can grab a few supplemental beers for us
 I was gonna say I can grab some plants to bring up
 Though I think it might just be easiest to grab some veggies at the shaws
 I'll have to park on pavement most likely - my car is kinda iffy in mud and snow
 None of that 4wd
" Alex, what would the easiest way to contact you be"
" Not sure how cell access, etc is near ludlow"
 Also at your house
" Awesome, thanks alex"
" I'll let you know when i get on the road, should be about 30-45 mins from now"
" Alright, heading out now. I'll see you guys in a few hrs"
" Alex, me Sean and Dave ran out to Shaw's to grab the rest of the food"
 Well be back in 15-20
 Honestly though that's really neat
" If that stuff was around when I was like 10-12 years old, I'd be all over that shit"
 Even now I might give it a go
 <Media omitted>
 Looks tasty
 Damn that bread looks pretty legit
 So apparently there was an attempt at conversational AI by Microsoft
 http://www.socialhax.com/2016/03/24/microsoft-creates-ai-bot-internet-immediately-turns-racist/
 Went about as well as one would assume
" My first thought would be to change the matrix value type, if it's possible to to in MATLAB and you can afford the potential loss of accuracy"
 Are you working with doubles now?
 If you are able to modify to some sort of integer value or a long it would probably be the most straightforward way to use less memory
 Maybe also write out partial matrices
 I wouldn't be sure what to do without looking at the setup in more detail but maybe Sean has better ideas for memory management
 This might help with my first suggestion http://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/numeric-types.html?s_tid=gn_loc_drop
 Depends on how much memory you need to cut
 It's not scalable - still a limit to the number of links and nodes you can use with that approach - but if you're confident you won't have >>10k you are probably safe with a type change
" NP, good luck with that network"
 Dumb question but is your MATLAB distribution 64 bit? No idea how old your machine is but I'd think a research computer would come with at least 8gb memory
 I feel like just having that squared away would eliminate any need to change your script if it's the difference between 3.2 GB and the 2 GB limit of a 32 bit program
 Okay so 12*3.2 kinda bones you
 Do you specify the number of nodes in the mapreduce statement?
 I would probably try running it on like 4 cores first
 Youd have a rough idea of how much memory you're trying to assign if it works/fails
 Because 32 bit vs 64 bit probably won't help if 4*memoryUse still runs into memory issues
 Aww shit nice
 Hope our backseat coding works out for you
 But yeah also totally had the exact same conversation this afternoon
 Lack of crippling student loan debt is so hot right now
 Goddamn
 If you pull it off I may have to share with the missus
 I could really use some of that right now
 <Media omitted>
 We each ate a half chicken worth
 😂
 Lmao yeah
 Prince's hot chicken
 Apparently the best dish in the city but
 Yeah hot lava poo for the whole next dsy
 BOOMSHAKALAKA
" I hope it's not too late to say that I'll be there if any of you guys need me as well. This kind of group text is probably not my preferred venue for sharing, but I'd be happy to talk."
" Also, totally in agreement. Those formal-type events suck multiple bags of balls. Helps a bit if you and the other attendees are drinking heavily."
" Even then, not the easiest to get through"
 That's actually really awesome of WhatsApp to do
" Not to change the subject too many times but Sean, are you still in touch with your old boss at growth spark?"
 Longish story but I'm thinking about starting something with a PM of mine
 I'm still in the stage of seeing if it's even doable
 But it would be cool to talk to someone who's running a company now to get an idea of management/overhead and stuff like that
" Thanks Sean, that would be great. I still have a ton of research to do on my own but hopefully I can get an idea of how smart/stupid it would be"
 Email is james.e.mooradian@gmail.com
 Wow. Just saw these posts
 Wonder if some nasty motherfuckers can cultivate some human cheese and really round out the meal
 I probably can make it. I have to be in Virginia that week for work but I should be back by Friday night
 <Media omitted>
 Found some gold out on the interwebs
 <Media omitted>
 So I'm at a place where all the drinks are named after pornstars
 Noticed Mr. Eveready is conspicuously absent from the menu
" If it's any consolation, the pitchers and jugs are fucking enormous"
 It's like 10 and 20 drinks
" There were like 15 people there, it was a work related happy hour for aru's sister"
 Haha that's great
 Would be amazing if you could somehow apply it to AI controlled propeller drones
" A ROFLcopter, if you will"
 Took another look at Dave's pic. Did not notice the names before but I gotta say I'm a huge fan of whoever decided to label them
 Are they names of the strain of hops or are they like little names for each plant
" Either way, it's pretty great"
 Lol if you ever crossbreed the hops you totally should
 HAHAHA 😂
 I'll be there as well
" Cool, cool"
 I was looking into hotels just in case but I haven't booked anything yet
 Lmao only if I can load up an all future playlist to sleep to
 What time should we get there btw?
 I'll plan on staying at your place Sean. I can definitely come early too
 Lmao
 I completely forgot about that
 https://www.instagram.com/jakelikesonions/?hl=en
 Found a pretty rad webcomic on Instagram
 Thought you guys might appreciate it
 Lmao
 So true
 That's pretty outrageous dude
 Might as well make an entire meal from base ingredients
 Prettymuch yeah
 Artisanal game would be fully in the zeph
 <Media omitted>
 This feels like an appropriate reaction
 Dat swirl.. Holy crap
 Looks pretty damn tasty
 That's pretty amazing
 Xanga was the shit back in freshman year of highschool
 Nice way to look back and cringe real hard
 Obviously
 It definitely paints a picture
 Oh shit I was just listening to them talk about that on NPR
 Hoowee
 Sorta reminds me of that futurama episode where everybody gets 300 bucks and the professor slathers a bunch of stem cells on his face
 Lmao
 I could be the on site personal trainer
 Oof
 Everybody knows you don't use smoked fish in sushi
 Guy clearly belongs under that table
 I should be able to come that weekend. Aru is gonna be away doing her pre-new job travelling and I don't have anything going on in my life
 Shit I hope I can find my matching vans
 Aw shit
 Bout to stream that bad boy
" Also, I think I found a top candidate for our next food-based outing"
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/kQwJ7Gs
 Haha that third one is my favorite
" Just went to a bakery for breakfast. Sean, I think I caught a glimpse of your future"
 <Media omitted>
 Had to snap the picture quickly while the cashier was gone
 <Media omitted>
 Artsan cheeses and jam
 Just smacking me in the face with its sweaty hipster balls
 Didn't notice at first but those two guys in the front of the pic also have climbing gear
 Goddamn look at that sweet vinyl flooring
 Same flooring that was in aru's first apartment in manhattan
 Oh damn so it's real deal
 You can put that shit right on the apartment listing
 1br apartment. All hardwood floors - none of that snicklefritz
 Lol
 Neighborhood's gonna start popping off before you know it
 His head legit looks like a lego man
 Wow that's pretty great
 Physical copy of the album?
 Looks like a pretty rad subscription
 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/xpski
" I was laughing too hard at my desk, had to take a walk after I saw them"
 No idea why they're so funny tho
 I could come up on Saturday as well. I'll probably be able to be up around 7
" Do you have a timeframe for the party Sean? I'm still planning on going to work on Monday, wasn't sure if the party is one of those 8pm to question mark deals"
 Okay cool
 Oh sweet dude
 Good luck at the new gig
 Lol I'm in for a guys night
 I might be able to do something tomorrow Dave. Gotta do some EDA/report writing but Id be up for something in the afternoon if you wanna hang out
 I'm not sure about sun/Mon just yet. Aru is supposed to be back in NYC tomorrow afternoon/evening but idk if she will be up for doing anything what with a 12 hour time difference
 I'm in
 It's nice as hell out
 Worst case scenario we could grab some za and drinks at bar
 They usually open giant garage door thing up so it's basically outdoor seating
 Lool nah George isn't here so we can go ahead and avoid that
 Lmao
 That weight is judging you
 You can always go the 'tiny homes' route
 Get a minimalist space saver
 Bonus points for making it mobile so you can attach to a pickup or something
 <Media omitted>
 I think a lot of them require mostly DIY effort though
 Lol yeah just gotta commit to your small social/family unit
 Look them in the eye and say 'this little poopybutthole is hungry!'
 That's how you win respect
 No way dude
 Ct minimum wage is 9.60
 You got this
" Wait, he was wiping his ass with gaskets?"
 Oh the toilet seat covers
 I literally thought of a gasket like from an engine
 Like why would he use gaskets when he'd have to assumedly sneak into a mechanic drawer with his pants down
 I mean technically that child isn't wrong
 I mean I know a lot of other countries don't flush tp
 Maybe he thought the to dispenser came with a neat little garbage at the bottom
 Forever uncleeeean
" Man, double trouble with those duke-related crimes"
 Lool
 Have you tested out the mattress situation yet?
 Looks pretty neat
" Nice, dat business contact"
 Lmao
 That's the james for late twenties guys
" Also, I tried my hand at cold brew coffee this week and holy shit"
 Tastes great and I'm buzzing my brain balls off
 10/10 would recommend with some fresh artisan loaves
 Livin the dream I see
 Pretty sweet view
 <Media omitted>
 Think I dun goofed
 Lolz
 My beard/outdoorsman game just isn't up to par
 Clearly the compiler knows this
 For some reason I'm reminded of the Dave Chappelle stand-up about stereotypes. Like middle class white girls have a genetic predisposition towards enjoying laughter
 Everyone enjoys broadly enjoyable activities
" That and most people probably won't put too many truly personal things on a dating website, so the amount of socially acceptable things to say about yourself ends up being pretty limited"
 But I also don't know shit about social media anymore so who the fuck knows
" Basically, farmersonly.com is doing it right"
 Does 'a mouth is a mouth' apply to dick pics?
 Lol that's thinking
 I'm just content that my line of work tends to pick up during economic crises
 Governments desperate to pay for shit
 Also Sean those pics have been simultaneously awesome and depressing
 I look outside and instead of mountain ranges I see homeless people casually smoking crack next to a run down subway
 Pretty jealous
 Yup. Plus no politician wants to raise taxes these days
 It's okay man. The carpet store is pretty comfy
 HAHAHA
 That was fucking gold
 Srsly would be pretty neat to do something like that
" There was an imgur post the other day with a guy who made an apartment out of 3 shipping containers, was pretty cool"
 And there's a fair amount of people who are into efficient houses with energy/water/gardening all fully self sufficient
 It's been awhile since I did research on that but I think they're called earth ships or something similar
 That's a nice lookin loaf
 Is it tough baking bread on the road?
 Oh nice. Gotta keep those bread skills sharp during your travels
" Okay, fuck it. Gonna throw my hat into the bread ring"
 Reading up on yeast culturing now
 Might try a few easy recipes while the yeast is growing
 Lmao
 Basting that turkey
 Baking seems a lot different from cooking meat tbh
" Also, potatoes"
 Lol I was secretly wondering what the goat was about
 Thought I missed something
" Oh speaking of tiny houses, there's an entire show on HGTV devoted to them"
" Tiny house, big living"
 Found out about it the other day
 A lot of the ski resorts seem to be struggling to survive these days
 Just add wifi and 3d printing to early 1900s poverty and you've got yourself a bohemian comminity
" Assuming you're working your hourly rate, yeah"
" If you can fill 100% of your free time with work at-rate, that's the loss you take"
 But it's not always the case
 You mean in terms of what it would take to survive with that amount of production? Definitely true in that case
" Artisan is such a weird thing, but it has a quality that's probably important culturally"
 We have to balance industrial thinking with holistic evaluation occasionally
" I definitely think the food industry suffers from the downside of industrialization these days, probably why artisan foods are so popular. Although most of the ire seems to be directed at the least problematic things that were doing to foodstuffs"
" We could benefit from some more food bronchioles, is what I think I'm saying"
 Or maybe from more studies of evolution in design
 There was a really cool study of urban growth that involved modeling cities with mold colonies
 One of my grad student friends was working on it. Horribly boring day to day but a really neat end result
 Definitely look forward to hearing some of your (probably poo related) stories from india
" I'm guessing immune systems play into that too, or at least similar tolerances. Aru says she has to be super careful eating food in India, and she was born there"
 But her family that's lived there their whole lives have no issue
 Sounds like a pretty sweet trip so far
 Watch out for them grizzles
 <Media omitted>
" Ah, so more like this Rick and Morty clip"
 <Media omitted>
 Srsly though it's probably a good idea to remind them not to treat you and the techs like indentured servants
 <Media omitted>
 Goddamn that's one hell of an alt mansion
 Awesome
 Aw shiit
 Dave I know it's super far for you but would you want to come over to Brooklyn for the 4th?
 You're more than welcome to
" It's just gonna be me, the twins, and 4 or 5 of their friends"
 Alex you're welcome to come too. I assume you're in VT or Madison but you can definitely come down
" Sean, I assume you're on the other coast."
 <Media omitted>
 Done did it again
 Miss you guys 😥
 Definitely
 So apparently the NYC fireworks are approx 1000 feet away from arus apartment this year
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 😂😂😂
 Goddamn
 The hills are alive with the sounds of Sean
 With the sounds of Butze
 *
 Lol sneaky baker
 <Media omitted>
 😂😂😂
 Woooow
 Also in the mountain
 We're your spirit animals
 It kinda is
 Only gifvs work in snapchat
 Not sure why gifs dont
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Thanks
 Lol
 Yeah I decided to give it a go
 Boule is difficult to eat for me cos I apparently only own shitty dull knives
 Just winged the braid
 First attempt did not go as well but I blame my old ass bake ware
 Bits of my baking sheet came off in the bottom crust of the boule
 Dave helped me with the dough making on this one. Dat giant costco bag of flour
 Looking forward to dat bake off
 We'll have to try out some recipes for Alex's bread stove
 I gotta say I like the brewing/baking combo you got going on
 Nice synergy
 You add in some pickles and maybe some smoked meats and you've got yourself a nice picnic
 Jams/preserves are a hot ticket item as well
 Seriously though I'm excited to hang out with you guys again
 It'll be a good time catching up
 Also I accidentally made some really delicious burgers that I definitely wanna recreate ASAP
 Lol
 'so good you'll end up on the autism spectrum'
 Yup
 I'll keep labor day clear
 Lmao that's gold
 I just ate the whole loaf...
 <Media omitted>
 So far I've only eaten a thing of oatmeal today. Not sure why I'm not hungry
 Oh actually no I know
 Nm
 Loaves of meth
 At 1 in the morning
 Not me specifically
 But my company is
 Usually is
 We have problems with the mileage tax tbh
 If it replaces gas tax it doesn't favor one type of vehicle over another
 No incentive to reduce emissions or increase fuel efficiency
 Yeah
 Tolls still look like the best alt on my end
 Can offer programs for commuters on facilities
 And free alternatives
 Sounds like a pretty rad time
" Sean, are you still in mid-travelling, or are you back in the northeast?"
 I would believe you if you told me that was an onion article
 :/ that's the weekend I fly out for my vacation
 Hope you guys enjoy though
 2 vacations actually 😅
 Though the second one is just to spend time with my parents/my dad's birthday
 Lmao
 Is the magazine also full of ads for super niche products?
 I always enjoyed the advertisements for specific brands of manhole covers and blind pedestrian crosswalk location bumps
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXB988kF3hI
 Hilarious
 That's the first law of nature
 All birds are assholes
 You probably could benefit from a tabby wreaking some havoc
 I think he got adopted though
 It hopefully at least has a better life now
" Plus I'm not gonna leave a cat alone in an apartment for 3,4 days at a time"
 It ain't right
 Office cat?
 Really should design some app based remote pet care devices
 Just have a roomba mouse I can activate with my phone
 Maybe a cat feeder and waterer
 It's probably doable with a raspberry pi or two
 Maybe someone has something premade
 That auto catfarm
 Lol nice
 Just pair it with one of those weird mouse ball things and you've got yourself a remote pet
 It will probably hate the shit out of you of you ever see it in person though
 Lol yeah
 You're just the guy who restocks the shelvez
 Lol I am. Aru is really excites about the whole foods being opened
" I gotta say though, I have no idea how some of those businesses on Bedford survive. A surprising amount of weird artsy junk still being sold"
 Hmm I would have thought it'd be queens
 Lol
 Aw thanks guys
 Good luck Alex. Let us know if that defense is open to the public. Would love to see that sweet modified shortest path algo in action
 What's the location
 That's actually a pretty reasonable price
 New York is crazy pricy
 I've still got the swineapple recipe in my back pocket
 Hot damn
 You can get those whole pigs with the box used to smoke it
 Sort of like a keg but with meat
" All we would need is a rack of boneless ribs or a pork loin. We don't have to do swineapple btw, it's just something else to bring to the table"
 I'm just excited to try my burger recipe again
 <Media omitted>
" Hey Sean, is Rob coming up this weekend?"
 Thinking of making a meat whishlist for the the labor day wknd
 Cool with me
" Dave, would you want to group up at Costco before we head up?"
" Was thinking burgers, some sort of steak, and the pig/pineapple turducken"
 Hmm maybe I could leave early depending on how much I have to do
 For Courtney we could try doing some legit veggie burgers
 Been trying to dial in a recipe based off of some I've tried in the past
" I was thinking burgers for lunch, maybe with some homemade sourdough buns?"
 Steak/swineapple dinners with that brown boule
 Oh nm I thought she was
 My b
 I could still try. The veggie burgers are as good as any meat burgers I've had in the past
 What kind of veggies does she have access to
 Ah
 Heirloom tomatoes are where it's at
 This season has been shit for mass produced grape/cherry tomatoes
 That lootcrate
 Fruitcrate
" Sean, you have a bread wishlist?"
 Or a build order
 Very true
 I also am unclear on Dave's statement
" Shit Dave, I'm so sorry. It's never easy to deal with news like that"
 I hope the family is able to cope. I hope you guys are too
 😮 gonna need to bring some fiber one for this trip
 I'm glad you can share with us tho Dave. Always happy to talk with you guys
 Let me know if it makes sense for me to bring up stuff separately/split the meat load
 It seems like a lot
 Never cooked pheasant or pork booty before
 Hoo wee
 We could do Dutch oven chicken
 Stubbs is really good
 I'll end up making a BBQ sauce infused with pork souls during the cooking process though. A good base sauce is useful but not required
 Sure dave
" I'm still working out how this week is gonna be, I'm trying to fit in a wfh on Friday so we can head up earlier"
 Oh yeah dat work from hurk
" That tiny house, big living?"
" Always wondered how you'd power something like that. Do they have to find a place to plug into, or do they have some detachable solar power deal"
" Electricity comes from three solar panels that charge batteries hidden beneath the bus. A 12-volt system powers the LED lighting and appliances, and a 110-volt system runs the outlets. “We use as much power as we want,” Pelletier says. "
 Huh. Pretty impressed with that
 http://i.imgur.com/NoaPq5N.gif
 I'd be into some kayaking this wknd
 Aw shiiit
 I heard that mofo 12 seconds in
 Which one are we eating this wknd?
 Lmao
" I was just gonna text you, been super busy this morn"
" Head to my place after work, I'm gonna get out around 515-530 and should be home by about 545"
" Aw damn, just got out of work myself"
 Oh btw are you guys still interested in having steak this wknd? I can head to the co op to see if they have any good meats
" I can wait for you, Dave, if you wanna take a look at the potential meats"
 Also I wan a make sure you have space in your cooler
 Awesome
 I'm gonna grab some ny strip steaks
 Also wanna get hamburger meat but we can get that in vt
 Also we probably have a good 20 pounds of meat by now
 Just got 5 ny strip steaks
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 Mrw
 Mfw*
 Haha that's great
 <Media omitted>
 Looks amazing
 Also doesn't get the health inspector to straight up murder you with fines
 Sean you should totally accompany each bread pic with a sweet existential metacommentary about what it means to be an artisan breadbaker
 'does this bread have below average crumbing bcos Somerville has reached peak post-gentrification? What does it mean 2 have 'natural leavening' from yeast outside of a hole foods? Is this yeast becoming 2 mainstem?'
 The posts practically write themselves
 Keeping it safe for dat Baker networking. Probably a good call
 <Media omitted>
 We had a meeting with some other consultants today. One of them had a great name
 Me too man 😕
 There's probably a version of blood ninja out there in the Snapchat age
 Probably dj Khaled
 Lol bout to clown on society
 I'm probably going to subconsciously time my pees in the near future
" Also, that bee study"
" You know, I mean, like, old-lady science, you know? She's a real-- You got to hang on tight, you know? Because she-- she'll-- She bucks pretty hard."
 Damn is that the third floor?
 Goddamn dude that apartment looks way nicer than the one I'm currently living in
 Although I do remember what it looked like mid-reno
" It's amazing what some nice flooring and solid countertops can do, I guess"
 I don't want to live on this planet anymore
 <Media omitted>
 Just the fact that you're at a financial advisor blows my mind. We're old ass adults
 Also it's probably a really good idea
 https://www.google.com/amp/amp.space.com/34211-spacex-mars-interplanetary-transport-concept-video.html?client=ms-android-verizon
 So fucking rad
 Lmao on that one stroke for man
 Shout out to my boi Quetzalcoatl
 We suffer but why?
 <Media omitted>
" I've often thought about the revenue model for music streaming sites. With things like YouTube or Pandora/Spotify with advertisements, ad revenue can be directly tied to an individual artist's popularity. With a paid streaming service, it's that much more of an indirect correlation between popularity and sales, and you don't get a feel of an individual fan's willingness to  pay for additional goods/services/ad products. Seems like individual artists with a significant amount of fans (like Beyonce and Kanye with that whole tidal thing) can hold sway over the market"
 I personally still like the band camp/ad supported method of selling IP
 Aw shit
 Bout to make those guys like $0.02
 Goddamn that guy got nothing but sassy replies
 Wow. 'more moments' wasn't even a fun tagline; it was a literal description of the drug's benefit
" Alex, any idea what the hell is going on up at UConn? http://www.cbsnews.com/news/no-clowning-around-police-clown-threats-hoaxes/"
 I feel like I missed some big national trend. Really feeling like a child wandering into the middle of a movie
 Do I see some additional grains and/or veggies in that loaf?
 Goddamn he's a madman
 Sounds pretty damn good
 So there's a Twitter account that's just a neural network trained with nothing but trump transcripts
 https://mobile.twitter.com/deepdrumpf
 He's got the illuminati eye on the back of his head. Seems pretty legit
 http://gis.vgsi.com/somervillema/Search.aspx
 Get at that property data from a semi objective source bro
 It won't tell you some of the why behind the sales but you can see larger trends if you cast a wide net
 Np
 You can search the street without the number as well. I tried a blank search and it just dumped out all the records in the database
" You want I should build a web crawler to scoop up all that sweet, sweet property dat"
 Data?*
 I've been looking for projects to add to my portfolio that are sorta unique
 <Media omitted>
 Seems like they take a really hands on approach to stopping masturbation
 👉👉
 We need James Cameron
 Is your accord getting up there in mileage?
 Eh makes sense. A lot of cars with moderate to high mileage have that issue. You could check the (ass) gaskets to see if you have a good seal still. Otherwise yeah you either trade it in or add some oil every couple weeks
 Well neither of those problems are bad enough to end a cars life on their own
 More like car AIDS - the resulting complications will destroy the car if not properly managed
 Companies hiring seem to like it. Shits expensive as fuck tho so I wouldn't know
 I mostly use excel and shiny
 Tableau seems decent from what I've seen. Good visualization software but it's mostly fancy formatting and polish IMO. Best used for report graphics and presentation slides you can point at while the boardroom applauds
 Haha I was wondering if he actually said that
 I was giving him the benefit of the doubt thinking I just misheard big-league
 You're the puppet.
 This poor moderator is way too passive to keep this debate on the rails
 Umm
 Did trump just imply that he plans to stage a coup if he loses the election?
 Lol so great
 Truly this is every work project involving more than 3 ppl
 #relateable
 Replace bar with artisan bakery?
 Life?
" I've always wondered if people actually talked at length about lawn maintenance or if it's just another 'this weather, huh?' Kinda thing"
" Like there's no way people get *that* into lawn care, right?"
 Lmao
 I guess it's like how we casually quote booyah
 'so on Saturday I was single-man dping this hoe'
 What is thatching btw
 I imagine it's like putting up cover so your grass doesn't get too much sun
 But idk
 <Media omitted>
 I think I'm cool with owning an apartment
 It really sounds that way. Why spend a significant portion of your life doing something you hate that also doesn't make you money
 Maybe
 If you don't care about perfectly manicured lawns you can always get the neighbor kid to mow that fucker for pennies on the dollar
 That's legit
 I think that's how a lot of American lawns were at one point
 Scott's or some similar company paid publicists to shame ppl who had multiple natural types of ground cover
 Lool
 I guess everybody needs to have their personal sanctuary
 Pretty spot on honestly
 <Media omitted>
" If you're not maintaining your lawn, you're lazy and/or unamerican"
 Wow
 That's like 2 steps away from the Google concentration campus
 ^dark
 Awww shit clowning all over that math hole
 Anything can be a dildo if you're bold enough
 Best be careful going from hiking 10 hours a day to sitting 14 hours a day
 Nice. Gotta love those standing desk setups
 Helps keep you from going from 0 to '55 year old with severe back problems' in 10.8 seconds
 Lol
 'decision tree'
 I've seen a few people at work who do standing desk but sadly no one who takes it to this level
" Speaking of, have you guys seen the thing on polymagnets?"
 Gave me such a science boner
 https://youtu.be/IANBoybVApQ
 They go so many ways
" Like even dudes who are scientists stop and say 'these fucking magnets, how do they work?'"
 So someone has been blasting Kenny g for the past 4 hours in my apt complex this morning
 All I hear is fucking sad sax while I go about my day
 I was jamming to it for the first hour or so
 But Kenny g only really gets you so far
 I could see it being a thing
 I really wanna imagine whoever is blasting Kenny is just making pancakes
 Just like being really inappropriately sensual with the batter n such
 That IRL high score
 Yikes
 🎉🎈 sorry guys
 <Media omitted>
 Goddamn 5-6 orders of magnitude over FEA
 I'm excited to see dat release
 😏😏
 <Media omitted>
 Yessh
 This new Haven voting line is looking pretty intimidating
 Feeling like I shoulda just bought the fastpass
 Yeah man that was the first time we could vote
 Feels like another life
 Lmao
 Those lobbyists outside the voting area were pretty sneaky iirc
 Just baking bread and baking customers all damn day
 Does ct have any election day bills? I didn't see any online
 I guess bills is the wrong word. Ballot issues I guess? Like the same sex marriage thing
" Yeah I was surprised, I thought I missed something"
 I guess I'll know for sure in an hour or two
 You should check online tbh
 They don't have any info on me
 I'm just reregistering on the spot
 http://www.dir.ct.gov/sots/LookUp.aspx
 That would tell you if you have any registration info in ct
 Dat robust DMV database
 I worked with DMV data during my masters
 It's still in punchcard format
 It did have characters as opposed to punching (maybe it's called something different) but it was an A-Z+0-9 thing with a 40 character limit per line
 I do believe that is the format of one of the 'newer' punchcsrds
" I mean that's nothing new but now it has a horrible, horrible outlet"
 I'm kinda worried I'm gonna have to start looking for visas
 I mean if u have any good leads
 I could maybe wfh from spain
 Lol
 I think the eventual hope is that technology will eventually bring about lasting peace
 Or wipe us out
 I mean either way
 Allmother will care for us
 Fuck yeah
 Just open up an artisanal b2b services platform and earn an honest living
 I'd be cool with being South Quebec
 Their current prez is like our obama
 Super chill
 Was a huge fan of him in scrubs
 Lol there's a silver lining for me
 https://www.google.com/amp/amp.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2016/11/04/donald_trump_s_plan_to_privatize_america_s_roads_and_bridges.html
 It seriously fucks over a ton of people but it would make my field significantly more lucrative
" Like the rest of his policies, it's not thought through"
 It would be devastating to income divide
 Yeah true
 It's the choice between being successful in a world you don't want to live in
 Or being less so in a world that that's not as bad
 Good thing I put a ton of money in my 401k
 😭😭
" Sort of an aside, but the green party presidential candidate is kind of a badass"
" It's too bad she doesn't matter, I would totally get behind her if she were a serious contender"
 I read an article by a guy who was slamming the fivethirtyeight model because it predicted a 35% chance of trump winning
 He was not a good statistician but he basically was confused as to why that probablility was so high while huffpost and ny times and other left leaning models had a 99% chance of Hillary winning
 I guess Nate silver still knows his shit
 Absolutely
 <Media omitted>
 I think it's our thinking from a rural perspective
" Nobody has given a shit about people outside cities, most of all hillary"
 Trump won't help them but he will hurt urban areas for sure
 He's like the Martin shkreli of politics
 Hopefully pisses enough people off to make a change
 Hopefully.
 Legit
 He might befriend Putin in the end
 They're like kindred spirits
 Woo
 I thought trump also promised he would try to repeal same sex marriage
 Seriously though womens rights are going to be set back another decade or teo
 We could easily slide back if the supreme Court gets stacked with old Republican guys
 Woof
 Yeah
 Not a bad idea
 😕
 That was a legit article Sean. Seems like that's the consensus on why we have a literal crazy person as a president-elect
 Also I'm torn about the guy who grabbed the girls ass. Was it particularly heinous?
 I've had my ass grabbed on numerous occasions at UConn. I totally understand getting rid of shit like this but I do wonder about how prevalent it seemed to be when we were undergrads
 I'm totally with you on needing to make a cultural change on this front. It just worries me that so many people are going to ignore the nuances to these issues in light of trump being elected
 I've seen/heard more hate speech in the past 36 hours than ive heard in the last year combined
" Most of it has come from Aru and her friends, and from liberal media outlets"
 I worry that it's going to become very draconian as opposed to being understanding
 It can definitely lead to some serious conflicts
 Looks like we're in for a wild ride these next few years
 I think you guys would appreciate player piano
" Pretty solid novel, but it definitely takes an anti automation view"
 I was too high up
 Yeah but it'll go back to being great again
 Btw is the majority of the increase tied to property value increase nearby or is it more a result of your renovations?
 Best get solar panels while they're competitive against big oil
 That keystone XXL is gonna lay some serious pipe
 Damn that's popping off
 Do you have an estate tax on that house? Doubt it's worth enough for it but it could be getting close
 Otherwise you're shit out of luck
 Oh maybe
 I thought it might have to do with more pricey homes but u think you're right
 Income tax and estate seems to be where he is concentrating his cuts
 Ads
" nah man ads. They're pushing out all the humans, making sure none can afford to live any where"
 https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/opinions/trump-supporters-why-vote/?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_no-name%3Ahomepage%2Fstory
 thought this was pretty insightful
 <Media omitted>
 Lol nah that's my coworker
 That project isn't nearly under-budgeted and behind schedule enough for me to take a look at
 When*
 <Media omitted>
 <Media omitted>
 I would legit believe it if one of you guys told me you were the creator of these comics
 God damn those are some sexy looking loaves
 No soggy bottoms this Thanksgiving
 Aw shiit
 Gonna have to start dialing in some new meat recipes for the occasion
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6iN6VTL7v8
 Good luck Alex! Hope you have some sweet booyah clips to play at the conclusion of your dissertation
 Aw shit congratulations Dr. Cocco
 Lmao
" I have 3 Christmas parties to go to this weekend, and I know a combined 2 people at all 3 of them"
 My plan is to drink exactly the right amount of booze to bullshit through them without making an ass of myself
" Oh, to be young and employed by a major wholesale chain"
 Oh also supposedly plan b is over the counter in NY state. No idea how that works but I saw them next to the rest of the 'family planning' items at one of the CVS's down there
 <Media omitted>
 Man those hands and feet creep me the hell out
 This guy really knows how to bring the weird
" Damn Alex, that sounds like pretty exciting work"
 Lmao that is legitimately a class I would've wanted to sign up for
 Also
" Week 7 interlude: everything is fine, calm the fuck down"
 👌🏼
 That is the face of someone who's been discreetly wanking in the workplace
 Damn that's a big one.
 Congrats Alex! Sounds like it's a really exciting position
" DC is a fun place too, if on the professional side"
 We should make a word cloud of our WhatsApp chat
" Btw Dave, let me know if you're gonna be in ct on the day before we go up. Would not mind doing a joint run to Costco to get all the additional meat for the minivan"
 And maybe a plant or two
